Doing National Defense radio show with my old friend Randy Miller tomorrow. I'm  sure we'll talk about our surveys for veterans in Mo.
Just turned on news, been reading. Obviously prayers for all those impacted by tsunami.
Good example of where we can find cuts in the Pentagon. http://bit.ly/gp3QEU
Very very sad about KC's Mike Murphy. My pal, great radio talent. For 40 years he made KC more fun.God Bless his soul.
Weekly Missouri radio call this morning.Any #MO radio station can join,ask questions.Usually have at least a dozen radio stations join in.
Just finished series of meetings in St Louis, now rushing home to watch game,taping it. Don't anyone tell me what the score is. Nervous.MIZ
The agenda of Mo legislature this week:lowering minimum wage, gutting workplace discrimination laws, not paying unemployment benefits. Ugh.
Hearing this am on contrctng ovrsght.GSA in KC,PR contract,sole source,no competition,too expensive.Case study of problms in govt cntractng
Big day at my house. Big family gathering celebrating four different birthdays. Im cooking and grand daughters icing  the cupcakes.
Mom drinking her coffee this morning out of mug that says "Wild Thing". Well she does make my heart sing.
I 29 to St Joseph is treacherous. Going slow. Both Jeeps and semis on the side of the road. Be careful KC area.
Today on to St Joseph for meeting at Heartland Health with Sec Sebelius. Then back to KC for small business and Export Bank conference.
Interesting.Walking thru KC public library to meeting,glancing at banks of computers being used,half on Facebook.#signofthe times
Lots of meetings in KC tomorrow, Blue Springs town hall tomorrow afternoon.
In Jeff for School Board Assn,Mo Chamber then to Columbia for lunch w/businesswomen,town hall & then Ashland for Regional Planning council.
Townhall in Washington MO this morning was great. Good discussion about budget.
Townhall in the morning in Franklin County, Washington High School. Looking forward to it.
Next week:Springfield,Blue Springs,St Joseph,Columbia,JeffCity,Kansas City, St Louis, Washington MO. Best part of my job is work in #MO.
Our star #stantheman sitting next to Bill Russell and right behind President Bush. http://yfrog.com/h7zvvcxj
Waiting for ceremony to begin. Musial family here in force. Sitting next to Bill Daley & Sen Scott Brown. Just met Bill Russell's daughter
I know,it's Valentine's Day,but Im focused on other red event this week,Stan the Man gets his Presidential medal tomorrow! #stantheman
Seriously, Schnuck's grocery store in Des Peres is my focus group.Lots of opinions, different viewpoints,friendly folks. Good listening.
Was up early today,made breakfast for Mom and Joe.Off to grocery store, then back in time for tipoff MU/OU.Hope to recover from Phog. M I Z
Happy to do  ribbon cutting, new Weekends Only furniture store on Manchester this morning.100 new jobs.Filled big empty building.Good stuff.
More good news for #MO. Jobs. http://nyti.ms/ggCsFN
@SeanGallegos Glad I could reassure you. Thanks for following.
@kwadup it won't cost taxpayers one thin dime.
We have now helped over 900 former TWA flight attendants get their jobs back at American. Now that's a good days' work. http://bit.ly/gV0yn2
Here's the Jeopardy "answer" that was on today...Mom who LOVES Jeopardy finally thinks Twitter A-ok! http://yfrog.com/h3s6zycj
Mom finally thinks Twitter is ok.An avid Jeopardy watcher,she just called me to say I was clue on Jeopardy!Category?"Congress is a-twitter"
I'm trying to ignore the MU / KU basketball game last night, in case you hadn't noticed.
@Marty2634 it is challenging,interesting,frustrating,but most of all a blessing.
Every few months I have to explain why I don't follow you. - Why I don’t follow you. Obviously I think... http://tumblr.com/xbx1fvm0ob
I applaud the small but committed group of t partiers that protested my office today.God Bless America where freedom of speech is celebrated
Marshall Faulk deserves Hall of Fame. Very glad he gets it as soon as he is elgible.
@NinnysNuggets Don't worry.This effort will save Soc Sec,Medicare,not cut your benefits.If we do nothing they won't be there for my kids.
Happy 110th birthday Frank Buckles! Mo native is last living veteran of WWI. I think we have accomplished a... http://tumblr.com/xbx1emgkh4
Of course I wanted DNC for St Louis.It would have brought $,organization, and face it,not getting it sure isn't gonna stop political attacks
Just off phone w/Homelnd Sec &FEMA re:emergcy asstnce and weather update.Info at sema.dps.mo.gov
Check on your neighbors and stay safe #MO.
Headed to floor for speech on latest effort to fix debt problem.Corker-McCaskill bill will provide long term discipline and cap all spendng.
Hearing tomorrow, my sub committee on contracting oversight: contract auditing in fed agencies.Not sexy but very important oversight issue.
Honored to stay in DC for funeral today  of Mo Natnl Guardsman SFC Robert Pharris at Arlington. Cold & snowy. Heartbreaking & beautiful.
Because so many have asked...no, it's not a secret. The 4 who voted no on secret holds: Sen Ensign, Sen Lee, Sen DeMint, and Sen Paul.
@EricMayle Sen Ensign,Sen Lee,Sen DeMint,& Sen Paul voted no. 
Not sure why.Secret holds are no friend of Americans who want accountability.
Woooohooooo! We did it! The Rules of the United States Senate now prohibit secret holds. The vote was 92 -4.
KMOX and Mark Reardon this afternoon.
Liked bipartisan seating tonight.Less like a team sporting event,more serious.Got to know new Sen Moran(R-KS) better since we sat together.
Glad that seat mate for tonight is new R Sen Jerry Moran from KS.He's also KU grad.The D v R thing is probably easier than Tiger v Jayhawk.
@JRosie89 You might take a look at clairecmc.tumblr.com  The blog post on there "Why I don't follow you" explains why I like twitter.
I hope to get Secret Holds abolishd this week.Next up in reform package,intro'ing law tomrrw to PERMANENTLY end auto pay raises for Congress
@MaxOnMovies Yup, she was really good in Black Swan. But as the mother of a dancer I didn't exactly love that movie. So dark.
Quiet around here. Kids back at college. Joe and I did afternoon movie, Rabbit Hole. I cried a lot. Joe just a little. Good movie.
@Hubriscorpus Don't worry. It won't take two years.
We need to get to the bottom of this. Gonna investigate.  http://bit.ly/hEHyZ9
@bwilliam46 I have. I co sponsored legislation to repeal the 1099 reporting requirement.
Disappointed that we had to reschedule town hall and meetings w/ leaders in Liberty, Lee's Summit, and Blue Springs.Happy snow day #MO
Thanks everyone for input. Since It's definitely going to be a "snow day" we're going to reschedule tomorrow's town hall in Blue Springs.
Trying to decide if we go ahead with town hall in Blue Springs at noon tomrrw. Lots of snow & cancellations tonite.Thoughts Blue Springs?
@KrisKetz I know. I'm slip sliding around KC as we speak. Already had 2 meetings cancel.  Hope it stops and roads clear by morning.
To clarify,China announced airline to negotiate with Lambert field in St Louis about cargo flights. Still work to do, but looks good.
Really great news.China announces cargo flights to St Louis Lambert field.Great export/job opportunities for midwest ag and manufactrng.
Early SW flight to KC.Looking forward to Blue Springs town hall tomorrow.Lots of meetings.Liberty and Eastern Jack officials and businesses
@davideblack I know! Cool.Love trains and this'll be a great event for #MO. http://www.upexcursion.com/  Chooochoo! Thnx to all who voted.
Working today on rule change to end secret holds. Been trying to get this done for over a year. Secret holds=back room deals. Gotta stop.
Help get historic steam locomotive to take a trip through Missouri. Vote before midnight! 
http://x.up.com/118927
@TVBarn I agree Aaron,but hard to argue that phrase "I have a dream.."has powerful meaning in this country,& it's way shorter than 140 chars
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness, only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate, only love can do that." Dr. Martin Luther King
@raygaitherjr Yes indeed, that was me at  StL RV show.On double date w/Joe and sis and brothrnlaw. Dinner first at Crown Candy Kitchen.Fun.
Finally. We must have better oversight of contracting in Afghnstn. http://bit.ly/f4vrU7
I feel sick to my stomach. Praying.
Morning Joe in a few.
Yesterday's WSJ opinion piece on magnesium tariffs has it right. http://bit.ly/e2ZrL3
Too funny. Kit (Bond) retires yesterday and we end up sitting next to each other in coach on plane to DC for the first time in 4 years.
Sometimes it's important to fight your party's leadership. http://bit.ly/fQ3ic1
@ELLISNYC Yes indeed. I can't even keep track of all these bowl games. I would love to see playoffs. Fair and fun.
If OU doesn't demolish Connecticut, it will be time to declare the bowl season an official failure for Big 10 & Big12.
5,4,3,2,1..happy new year! I know I'm early, but time to swear off twitter and pay attention to sweet husband.All the best to you in 2011.
@jeffmw Thanks Jeff.  Happy New Year! Here's to finding some things we agree on next year.
Big dangerous storm hit my sister's neighborhood in Sunset Hills. Thank goodness no fatalities. Massive property damage in limited area.
@ceruleanbill Doesn't mean you're not brilliant! Happy Happy New Year!
@LisaDCNN Pretty good stuff Lisa. I agree with all. Happy New Year! Here's to breaking some bad habits.
RT @LisaDCNN: @clairecmc Hi Sen. McCaskill. Lone reporter in the Capitol here. Check out my take on flaws in Congress and the media: htt ...
Really?15 yards for a salute?Sorry K-State, that had to hurt.That was a ridiculous call.
@darinblass Thanks so much. My team is big help on Facebook & McCaskill.senate.gov.A shout out to Jay Natoli on my staff, @McCaskillOffice
It's been a busy year. Check it out. http://mccaskill.senate.gov/2010
Wish our stay was longer than 24 hours,weather is perfect.Last time I was in AZ to watch Mizzou play I was a MU student, Fiesta Bowl '72..
Whoa....in AZ with MO Gov Nixon, who is also big Mizzou fan. Not AZ Governor....
@michaelvinson MO Gov Nixon
Lucky to be in AZ today w/ Gov and many Tiger fans for the Mizzou victory tonight against Iowa.
Now that was some fun stuff. Mizzou wins braggin' rights over Illinois.So glad I made it to the game  11-1! Sweet. M I Z..
Yippeeee and HoHoHo!! I'm on my way home for Christmas.
I was hoping to get home for Mizzou/Illinois BB game tonight,but not looking good. Talking about game with Frank C @KFNS11:45 Central. #MO
Good job. Lady Bears bounce back after loss to Georgetown, beating Morgan State last night.
Just under the wire I get around to wishing @johncombest Happy Birthday!
Good news.KC receives competitive fed grant to begin planning very cost effective commuter rail system.Congrats to Mike Sanders & KC Chamber
One major reason I am looking forward to Christmas. My grandsons. http://yfrog.com/h8yussj
Lady Bears from Missouri State are in DC today playing the Hoyas. Looking forward to greeting them this morning.
Important to point out that everything that has passed the Senate in this lame duck session has had bipartisan support.
@DottieWofford I support the 911 First Responders bill, and still hopeful that the Rs will stop blocking it's passage.
An emotional difficult vote. Why I voted for this version of the Dream Act. http://bit.ly/hCZNN2
