So govt has at least 3 more weeks to run after 3/18. But the vote suggests the easier CRs are over and done. Now it gets interesting.
Great St. Patrick's Day pararde in Stamford. Weather so much better than last year's hurricanes. #beerinthemorning
Whole darn office wearing UConn gear. Except for the nervous-looking Chief of Staff who went to Syracuse. He's got an orange tie. For now.
Great shot on the buzzer Kemba! Congrats UConn! St. John's and/or Syracuse--your reckoning is upon you.
Hey! Turns out you can now get a shot of crude oil in your styrofoam- clad coffee in cafeteria! Yeah, ok, that's not really true.
Glad to see Harvard reinstituting ROTC now that DADT is history. Students who wanted to serve used to have to trek to MIT.
Pumped a bike for about 45 minutes today at SpinOdyssey, a huge fundraiser for breast cancer. Band played whole lot of Springsteen.
I seriously CANNOT believe that @rushholt beat @ibmwatson. Bumper stix in his district: "My Congressman IS a rocket scientist."
Ok. So I came in third behind Rush Holt (nuclear physicist) and @ibmWatson (supercomputer) but beat all the other humans. I'll take that.
With Rush Holt on Floor. Apparently Watson tweeted Rush. I'm concerned. If a driver w/metallic voice picks me up, I'm walking.@rushholt
@ChrisMurphyCT What was it that TR said about the man in the arena, and all that?
Frank Buckles, our last surviving Great War survivor died. He participated in the Veteran's History Project: http://bit.ly/aZt3c7
RT @connecticutjoe: RT @TX20CharlieG "GOP spending plan would cost 700,000 jobs, new report says" http://wapo.st/epqi4k
Going up against IBM's Watson computer at Jeopardy tonight. Apparently he (?) crushed the real Jeopardy champs. Any brain limbering ideas?
RT @ChrisMurphyCT: Republican continuing resolution would result in 800,000 lost jobs.  Great work, guys!  http://tinyurl.com/4ofaezf
Fouad Ajami on Arab rebels: "Wisely, they are paying no heed to those who wish to speak to them of liberty's risks".
Out at low tide today with daughter Linley. Got oysters and a bucket of mussels. Oyster comeback in the Sound is an amazing story.
Speaking of which, if this rain keeps up, I'm goung to need to trade my district-crossing car for a boat.
Just interviewed a 95 year old Navy veteran of WWII for Vets History Project. He sank a U boat, escorted Duke/Duchess Windsor. Amazing....
Speaking of which, does Fox News', Beck's, neocons', etc. reactions to Egypt forever take away their cred on liberty, freedom, democracy?
Just met with editors and reporters of Main Street Connect. Great to see innovative press startups competing with the big guys.
Leaving press conf w/Sen Blumenthal+Mayor Finch on stupidity of yanking funds for Steel Point. Would kill over 1500 private sector jobs.
Don't forget CT special election tomorrow. Keeping fingers crossed for friend Carlo Leone. Air Force vet, family man, all around good guy.
Just when you thought it was safe...heading out to shovel out driveway.
Last four votes clocking in at 4am.
On other hand, not at all funny what GOP is doing to women's rights, clean environment and consumer protection.
Case in point: Rep Chris Murphy noticing he's wearing same outfit as he is in voting card photo.
Floor feeling a little punchy as the clock goes through 2am with many many votes to go.
Late last night, while waiting for votes on floor, watched Social Network. Worth seeing for its portrayal of Larry Summers alone.
I spoke a few minutes  against gutting consumer financial protection. We can regulate toasters that explode, but not exploding mortgages???
Vote-a-rama on the floor right now. Amendment after amendment to the lousy CR. Probably should stretch a bit before 2 minute votes.
Here's Rep Chaffetz and me on Dylan Ratigan this pm http://tinyurl.com/jh2011CR
I'll be on MSNBC today at 4 to talk budget. Tune in if you can.
Visited Mr. Sapia's 4th grade at Springdale Elem. with 4 veterans to introduce them and make valentine's for vets http://tinyurl.com/v4v2011
Ok. Having stirred the pot with the Peas, gotta say that Dylan+Avett Bros. at Grammys was amazing.
As a Latin Americanist, I never thought that "Military Sacks Cabinet and Dismisses Parliament" would be a good thing.
Met with a big group of Junior Statesmen kids from Staples High School. Engaged, bright and optimistic. Best part of my job sometimes.
Remarkable moment in Egypt! This is huge for the advancement of democracy. Let's hope the glide path remains non-violent and democratic.
End of day pedometer reading is just over 6 miles.
Majority wants to underfund the SEC. Really bad idea. I talked about that on the Floor today. Watch at: http://tinyurl.com/JHkeepSEC
My colleague Greg Meeks speaking on the Floor not from notes but from his ipad. Pretty cool.
Wearing a pedometer today. As of noon, have walked two miles here in the corridors of the Capitol.
Speaking of which, just got word that Gabby Giffords spoke for the first time this morning.
We just voted to name a courthouse in Az after Judge John Roll. These are sometimes routine. Not this one.
Now I'm really really in the minority. I seem to be the only person east of the Pecos who enjoyed superbowl halftime show.
Voted against extension of Patriot Act. We need some of it, but contains too many infringements on our constitutional right to privacy.
Sorry we're losing Jane Harman. Served with her on H Sec. She's forgotten more about security than most members know. Can't replace that.
RT @jaredpolis: Federal taxes lowest since 1950s!
http://bit.ly/hyTMaP
My "brown bag lunch" in Weston starts at noon. Town Hall, 56 Norfield. All welcome, all topics, though Packers gloating will be limited.
Now that was one hell of a half-time show!
Going for a swim in the Sound in an hour to help support Burroughs Community Center. Freezin for a reason.
Meeting with first selectmen in oxford, shelton, monroe today. These folks have been living, breathing snow!
Reading "The Clinton Tapes". Pretty interesting, and very different from my last read, Cormac McCarthy's "The Road" (!)
Discovered "toppings" cupcakes in Bport. In newly renovated Arcade on Main St. Small biz pioneer, and awesome cupcakes. Try rootbeer.
Today is EITC-tax prep awareness day. EITC remarkably successful lifting working people out of poverty. Visit a VITA site!
Remarkable protests in Egypt, Yemen, Jordan. Pains me to see constant references to "US-supported autocratic regimes".
Also attended LWV's 90th Anniversary Dinner. Keynote Speaker: Christine Tod Whitman. By Skype thanks to snow. She is just terrific.
Foot and a half of snow crushed schedule today, but got to sled with girls and got out on x-country skis.
US Chamber of Commerce on Pres' SOTU: "We appreciate that the President recognizes the importance of infrastructure investment"
Gracious, forward-looking speech by President tonight. Reached across aisle. Spoke of common American values. Education=innovation.
Chamber just about full. Lots of energy.
My bipartisanship list: #1 Stop gerrymardering safe seats, #2 Stop showering $ and TV on bomb throwers, #279 Feel good seating at SOTU.
Tunisia, now Egypt. If protests lead to peaceful, liberalizing reform, we may be witnessing a huge improvement in US national security.
Biden to Dem caucus in Maryland: "we gotta change the way we talk to each other. Tone matters. Words matter."
In a workshop on online engagement with voters. Turns out the internet can't be ignored. Who knew?
Just met with Mayor Finch of Bridgeport and FS Herbst of Trumbull. Love mayors: thoughtful, practical, results-oriented.
House (but not senate) votes to repeal Patient Protection Act. Now I hope we can talk about making health reform better, not extinct.
Odd twist: W/Dodd's and Lieberman's decisions, CT will go from one of most senior delegations in Senate to the most junior.
RT @connecticutjoe: If patients’ rights are repealed: almost 2,000 people under age 26 in eastern CT will again be uninsured. http://bit ...
SW CT covered in evil crust of wet snow/ice. Trying to get to DC. Is there some way to know weather there? Some network of connected tubes?
Former Congressman Bill Gray gave a barnburner of a sermon at Faith Tabernacle in Stamford today. He knew Dr. King as a seminary student.
My good friend Carlo Leone is running for state senate in feb special election. Check him out and help at leoneforsenate.com
Visiting senior centers for MLK Day. Rules #1,#2 and #3 for visitors: DO NOT interrupt bingo.
Doing "Brown Bag Lunch" in Fairfield Library Rotary room at noon today. Come by to chat!
On Floor listening to tributes to the victims of Tucson violence. Very quiet in the chamber.
Back on Financial Services Committee. That means working on Fannie and Freddie reform and hopefully continuing safe-t-fication of system.
turning it to 11 on debt redxn in '11 #FF: @BudgetHawks @ConcordC @FiscalFuture @BrookingsEcon @CenteronBudget @ThirdWayTweet @planetmoney
Fourteenth Amendment read with no comment from the Gallery.
John Lewis, reading 13th Amendment outlawing slavery, gets bipartisan standing ovation.
First interruption of the reading from the Gallery. By a birther, screaming about Obama. Unintended consequences....
Joe Wilson (!) reads section on sending passed bills to the President. Irony....
Anthony Weiner gets through his reading of the Constitution without the Republicans asking that his words be taken down!
The original wording of the Constitution specifically gave CT five Reps, same number it has today!
Interesting discussion of the intent and meaning of reading of Constitution on the Floor now.
Flying up to Hartford with Murphy and Courtney to join Malloy Inauguralpalooza. Congrats, Dan! Tough sledding ahead.
RT @FarewellTravels: A Congressman offers gr8 tips for taking your family to DC. http://tinyurl.com/29hqg82 @washingtondc @jahimes #trav ...
Just finished last vote of 111th Congress. 9/11 bill to help those who worked on the 9/11 sites. Nice coda. Back in January!
Waiting on Senate on 9/11 health bill to help suffering 9/11 first responders. There is NO principled reason to oppose helping heroes.
Go UConn women! It's a dynasty. Small state. Big win.
On plus side, Senate votes to kill DADT! No more discrimination against those who wish to serve and sacrifice for us. Finally.
On contrary, under DREAM Act, kids would join military or get a college degree. But no, that's not enough in this land of immigrants.
Really sad GOP killed DREAM Act in Senate. Amnesty argument is bunk. These kids have committed no crime.
At White House for the tax compromise signing. Not the event I would have anticipated seeing Rev. Al Sharpton in front row.
Congratulations to OPEL Solar of Shelton which today receives Innovator of Year Award from Chamber.
RT @agudowsolar: @jahimes #solar #in OPEL Solar honored 2day w/ 2010 Innovator of Year Award from local Chamber of Commerce; we r all pr ...
Hopefully passing DADT repeal. Explain: "I know you're willing to give your life for me, but you're not worthy to wear the uniform." ?!?
Joined a conference call this morning organized by Weston, Gil Sanborn, and Kiwanis w/1-22 infantry batallion in Kandahar. Great idea!
RT @jaredpolis: Important green provisions added to Obama tax deal inc energy-efficient homes,alternative fuels,solar/wind projects http ...
Tweet from the Seat (TM): King of Iowa clarifying that in Austria, they speak German, not Austrian.
Dream Act passes! Gallery full of excited kids. Good day. Thinking of the poem in that lady's hand in New York Harbor.
