Thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Japan in aftermath  earthquake & tsunami and to all still endangered in Hawaii and West Coast.
@BrandonJRouth Always great to meet an Iowan doing big things. Keep up the work for AmeriCorps and hope to see you in Iowa!
Met great Iowan Brandon Routh today. He plays Superman in the movies and in his work supporting AmeriCorps. http://twitpic.com/40h90l
We are in this together. Any ideas out there for District events?  Let me hear from you.  http://tinyurl.com/boswellcall
Never enough time...so much to do! Any doable ideas out there for District events? We are in this to gether. Let me hear from you.
Pres looked to the future in SOTU. Stop politicking, move forward on the economy & jobs.  If we do not, other countries will.  Economy&jobs!
Today was a terrible tragedy for ALL Americans. We all pray for Congresswoman Giffords recovery & All others involved, plus their families.
1st day of the New Yr & 1st day of the rest of our lives! Let's work & reach for the BEST we can be & praise be we get to do it in the USA!
We wish Health and happiness to ALL, and our special thoughts and thanks to the men and women in uniform.
Tomorrow is Christmas for many and a Special Holiday for ALL. Let's stop for a moment and remember the many things we are thankful for.
Just finished having a great discussion and lunch w/Sec Vilsack. Good things happening for Rural Ia with broadband and new jobs!
Had a special visit today with World Food Processing in Oski. They rec'd a substantial USDA loan guarantee. Lot's of Jobs! That is good.
Mon spoke at the last send off of IA Gd to Afghan. It will be a much happier day when we welcome them back! Remember the families too.
Big day. Was there to watch POTUS sign the historic Financial Reform Banking bill. Hopefully..no more wall street debacles
Busy day, VFW St Conv., D Moines Art Fest, Nat'l town meet @ Drake, Vinton parade & Party in the park and din. At Phatt Daddy's in Marengo
Today we renamed the Des Moines main Post Ofc the "Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans Memorial Post Office". Thank you Veterans
Thanking Veterans is a good thing. We enjoy this great country due to their sevice to all of us. Thank a veteran today
Started Memorial day at Camp Dodge. Big turnout @ Gold Star museum. if you haven't seen it, plse go when u can. Super displays. Cont'd
This morning, @ Ft Leavenworth, I was inducted into the Command and General Staff College Hall of Fame. A very special moment!
Wearing wooden shoes, I Just finished participating in setting a new  Guinness world record wooden shoe dance @ the Pella IA Tulip Festival!
1st Field hearing on next Farm Bill was held in DSM @ the State Fair Grounds yesterday. It was well attended and very informative.
I was able to witmess Sarah Brown Wessling, Johnston IA. receive the Nat'l Teacher of the Year award from Pres OBAMA. It was a great moment!
Earth day. We have many to appreciate...and much to do. The earth is for ALL of us and those that follow. We must do our best to preserve
We had our Academy orientation this morning and our annual High Sch Art contest. Great talented young people at each. Makes us proud!
Just finished visit to Grundy Center Schools PT4life program w Dr Greg Peterson and St Sen Hatch. GREAT Model for Preventive Health care.
News...AARP supports the Health Insurance Reform Bill! http//tinyurl.com/ydsk8ra
Check out my Latest News Blog at http://tinyurl.com/yetb6mo for up-to-date health care reform news.
Good news! Nonpartisan CBO reports health bill will reduce deficit $138 BILLION in 1st 10 yrs, $1.2 TRILLION in 2nd 10 yrs.
In IA (Ankeny) Participating in the Ag work shop today w Sec. Vilsack & AG Holder concerning competition. Great turn out and informative !
I support health insurance reform that WILL make health care AFFORDABLE for EVERY Iowan. http://tinyurl.com/yc2e2x4
It appears the Senate is finally moving on the extenders. I am sure that folks w/o work, and on COBRA are thinking "about time!"
You can watch the W.H. Health care summit today live on my website. http://boswell.house.gov. It is going on now.
Monday night's round table was informative and many reasons to believe in young business leaders. Very positive and good ideas.
Another special moment this wk end when we visited South Tama elementary. We ALL should spend some time w/ 1st & 2d graders. Pumps you up!
Many weekend highlights. Building a better world with our African American community. Great program with lots of success and more to come!
Terrible situation in Haiti. USA...and many others are responding vigorously. We must help..we are. We are engaged too.
A BIG thank you for all the Birthday good wishes! As they say... getting older beats the alternative!
After this winter storm, (WOW), let us all thank the workers AND officers that cleared up our roads and streets and made us mobile and safe
Happy New Year to ALL. The Eternal hope within me is that 2010 will be better for us. We are READY! Together we can do it, and WE WILL!
End of the day. I hope All have had a great Thanksgiving. We have been with family, and had a good day. We remember our troops too.
Met a lot of American Vets today at Vet Day events in DSM, AIB and Pella. A Big Thank You to ALL Veterans for serving our Country.
Just had a super visit at East High to recognize Fabiola Plascensia for her good job as a Page for Congress. Great bunch of young people!
I had a great visit with Sec Vilsack this morning. USDA is making a $30 M  Pork buy. Producers need the help and are very appreciative
Started the day in Altoona, stops in Toledo, Vinton, Marengo and Grinnell with Citizens and Lcl Gov Officials. Met new econ developer IA Co.
We had a very good Health Care Town meeting yesterday in DSM at AIB. 5OO turnout, lots of info to take back to DC. Excellent participation.
Met many Veterans today at the State Fair Veterans  parade. Just flew over the hail damage in the District. Devastating damages.
Just participated in Welcoming Home an IA Nat'l Guard Unit at Camp Dodge. Returning from Afghanistan. Good to get them safely home.
Mr Gil kerlikowski, new Drug Control Policy Director came to the Hill today to Spk to Me & the other Meth CoChairs.
Great News! Just learned that IA has been ranked 4th among the States in CNBC's Top States for doing Business. Kudos to Gov Culver and Team!
I had a good exchange with Chairwoman Slaughter (Rules) regarding use of antibiotics in livestock. We all want safe food. So do our farmers!
Iowa has been shorted for a long time on Medicare reimbursement to our Hospitals and our Docs. This is the time to fix it!      f
We have worked hard all week to get some fairness in to Health care reform. We'll see what Mon brings. It has a way to go-we are trying!
Just finished presenting the "CUP" at the Hy Vee / ITU Triathlon. It was truly a WOW to see the finish!!
Mr Waxman and Markey are rechecking their #'s and have expressed concerns for unintended impact in IA and Mid W, States.
I had an interesting and beneficial visit from Ms Carol Browning, POTUS's Enery Advisor yesterday. She will insure that the Pres hears us.
We will continue to work against an unfair allotment that would treat Iowans utilitiy costs unfairly.
We are working hard to improve & pass an Energy/global warm. bill. We claim some success and plan to vote for it. See next.
Today, my staff reminded me that I haven't been "twittering". All of us were busy with DSM Partnership last week. A great visit , over 200!
Alexis Taylor on our DC staff is an Iraq Vet. Thanks to HER work, we intro'd a Bill requiring VA to provide improved care for Women Vets!
Another Memorial day. Plse seek out a Vet and thank them for service to our country. Did you know that Women make up 8 % of today's Mlitary?
I had a great meeting today with Secretary USDA Vilsack. He and John Norris are settling in and doing a super job. They are a good team.
How fun and exciting to watch Shawn Johnson and her partner WIN Dancing with the Stars!
At 7 Mon Morning we do our annual Bike to Work ride. We are hoping for good WX and lots of people joining us. Start from 39th and Grand.
Molly was actually in the Parade with her baby marching with a large group of Mothers and children. Pretty neat and great to see Molly.
Just finished marching with the Am Legion in the Bella Tulip Festival. A high Pt when Molly Klein (in costume!) appeared at my side! More...
We had US Sec Ed Duncan visit Grundy Center Ele Sch this AM to see their PE for Life program. Super, New Tech teaching children Health Care!
Today was a Great day! POTUS gave a super speech today ref Alternative Energy and energy indep. Also, I was right-Air Force1 is a cool ride!
POTUS gave a Great speech in Newton on leading our nation in Alternative Energy! On our way to DC. Just as I thought, AF 1 is a cool ride!
Beautiful day. On my way to Newton to join POTUS for Earth Day visit to IA. Planning to return to DC on AF 1. That works for me!
Lots of mtgs across the Dist. People have a lot of anxiety, However, desire and ready to do all they can to go forward. We can & we will.  f
Great week in IA. Headlined by an outstanding Women in Business meeting. Over 88 attended. 1/2 in Business, the other 1/2 ready to start!
We had a great meeting this week for Women in Business and Women who want to start a Business. Great turn out, nearly 100!
I think I am correct. I'm betting that Grandson (one with new haircut) has a New lady friend in his sights. Hmm wonder if she will see him!?
Sitting with my dau, just learned that my 15 year old Grandson just got a haircut! Hmmm...He must have a new girl friend!
Just finished meeting with a room full of Jrs and Srs from Belle Plaine High School. Impressive Grp of Students!
I chaired an Ag subcmte hearing on the Ag Economy today. Dr Neil Harl, "Distinguished Prof" from IA State testified and was outstanding.
It has been a busy 24 hrs. POTUS last night, Eisenhower Commission today to select the Architect for the Ike monument, tele town hall tonite
At 7:10 this eve, I will be conducting a telephonic Town Hall meeting. You can call in # 877 229 8493, use Pin #13541. Join the call-Welcome
The Cherry blosoms are nearly into full bloom. WOW, what a beautiful sight to behold! Mother Nature is a great Artist!
POTUS spoke with passion that the budget must pass to allow the economy to rebound. ” We are in this together ”
It is nearly 5:30PM. We expect the President to arrive soon to speak to our Caucus about the budget and?? Anxiously waiting.
Our caucus is scheduled to meet with President Obama tomorrow night. I am looking forward to that. More later.
Headed back to DC. We had a good meeting with the White House yesterday on Health Care reform in DSM. I have great Hope that we move Forward
Having a great visit with my daughters, Diana and Cindy.
Several of us went to bat for Veterans today and WON! Vet's will NOT be taxed for Service Connected injuries. They already Earned VA care!!
Just signed on to a Ltr expressing outrage for the bonuses paid by AIG to Executives
Visited our farm Sun. 20+ new baby calves. Great fun watching them play in the sun! Off to the airport shortly-back to DC.
Great meet Town & Country Sat night Oski. Super Jazz band from N Mahaska too!
Just had an hour with OMB Dir Peter Orszag. I accept and believe that the Pres and Admin are working around the clock. Lot's of effort!
Attending the newly organized Progressve Caucus. Spkr Eric Burns, Pres., Media Matters for America. Promoting the Middle Class!!!
Addressed House Floor today in support of Pres. Obama's executive order on Stem Cell Research. On youtube and website at boswell.house.gov
Just left a great visit to the JDRF walk for the Cure! Great turn out. We Support efforts (big time) to push hard on research.
I had an excellent visit with Secretary Vilsack. He is tuned in to the job, gathering good staff and Very busy.
I am getting ready to head out for a visit with USDA Secretary Vilsack.
Welcome!  Glad to now be on Twitter.  Hope you enjoy following along.  Be sure to check out my new website at www.boswell.house.gov
