I always enjoy the annual Rattlesnake Roundup Parade. Thanks to the folks in Claxton for putting on a great show. http://twitpic.com/49hcsa
GA’s young farmers will put food on American tables well into the future. They need our support now & in2 2morrow http://twitpic.com/48i842
Honored to have participated in the cong. civil rights pilgrimage this wknd and celebrate the civil rights mvmnt. http://twitpic.com/47869u
Just took a spin in the Chevy Volt, which could improve our energy security by helping get us off foreign oil.
 http://twitpic.com/45ro5r
Last day of the rural tour-best one yet! 15 counties in 4 days. Special thanks to folks that took time out of their busy day to participate.
Day 3 is going great so far. Our GA farmers have a lot to be proud of. Headed to Metter and then Swainsboro. More to come...
So proud of my friend John Lewis for receiving the 2011 Presidential Medal of Freedom. http://twitpic.com/40rru0
Had a great meeting with VA Sec Shinseki to chat about veterans care and the need for more CBOCs in the district. http://twitpic.com/40gqt4
The Savannah port project will create jobs and improve our economy. I'll keep working to see that it gets it the funding it truly deserves.
Worker safety trumps partisan lines. I hope Ds and Rs come together to pass the worker safety bill I introduced today http://bit.ly/gLQYHk
Heading down to Alabama with some of my colleagues for the bipartisan 10th Annual Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage
Looking forward to seeing President Obama speak at Savannah Tech today.  Hope he talks abt job creation in GA.
Heading to Jenkins, Screven, Bulloch and Candler Counties this weekend for Congress on the Corner.  Free and open... http://bit.ly/db9546
Pres Obama annc'd today that the fed gov't will guarantee loans to expand Plant Vogtle in Burke Co.  Good news for GA. http://bit.ly/aaO2a5
Tomorrow, I'm hosting Congress on the Corner in Soperton, Swainsboro, Wrightsville, and Sandersville.  Meetings are... http://bit.ly/9BqHek
Hosting Congress on the Corner tommrw in Soperton, Swainsboro, Wrightsville, Sandersville.  Details at barrow.house.gov or call 866-890-6236
Here's what I'm working for in health care reform:  www.tinyurl.com/ylb2539
Meeting w Veterans in Statesboro, student Veterans at GSU, then heading up to Augusta for several meetings.
Operation Caring Classroom at Pulaski Elem in Savannah. www.armedforcesfoundation.org.
Taco Tuesday at the American Legion in Thunderbolt tonight--good way to kick off Veterans Day
Hosting a financial literacy forum today from 12-1:30 at the king-frazier student center at savannah state.  Free and open to the public.
Tomorrow I'll be having Congress on the Corner in Crawfordville, Warrenton, and Gibson.  Visit http://barrow.house.gov for details
heading to the Screven Co. vs Laney football game tonight in Augusta
Heading out to Tattnall County to tour the Doctors Hospital, then meet with folks from the Tattnall Farm Bureau.
tomorrow i'll be hosting Congress on the Corner in Wrightsville, Louisville, and Waynesboro.  check out www.barrow.house.gov for details.
plant tour in Savannah, touring the Trane plant in Vidalia, then meeting with some folks at my Vidalia office.
meetings all morning in Savannah, then heading out to tour the new Chicken of the Sea plant in Lyons
Why I voted no on the health care bill: http://tinyurl.com/muuhtd
Weatherizing a home in Augusta this morning.  Visit www.serve.gov for more ideas on how you can help in your community this summer
Weatherizing a home in Augusta this morning.
I'll be in health care mtgs all day
http://www.tinyurl.com/nxfky6. Couldn't disagree more w/Tom Sietsema abt Mrs Wilkes.  But I'm right with him on Despositos--its great!
http://www.tinyurl.com/nxfky6...couldn't disagree w/Tom Sietsema more about Mrs Wilkes.  But I'm right with him on Despositos--its great!
I'll be in Glennville, Statesboro, and Augusta today hosting Veterans Town Halls.  Check barrow.house.gov for details.
I'll be hosting a Veterans Town Hall today at 430 at the American Legion on Rowland Ave in Thunderbolt.  Free and open to the public!
In meetings all day.
Great news!  $32.3 mil in recovery zone bonds allocated to ga-12 for economic development. go to http://barrow.house.gov for details.
on a Telephone Town Hall with AARP members from the 12th District to discuss health care reform
Was just at the White House to hear President Obama announce his bill to reinstitute pay-as-you-go rules--big step for fiscal discipline!
Very excited that the House just passed my bill, H.R. 1662, the Anthony DeJuan Boatwright Act
Heading from Vidalia to Savannah to tour the Elba Island LNG facility.
Driving down to Millen for a ribbon-cutting at Jenkins County Hospital and to discuss healthcare reform.
touring the nuclear facility at Plant Vogtle in Burke County
Come join me tomorrow from 1 to 3 for Congress on the Corner at my new Augusta office--925 Laney Walker Blvd, Suite 300
heading to the Savannah Civic Center for a screening and Q and A with the crew of "Darius Goes West"
glennville sweet onion parade then heading over to swainsboro for the pinetree festival
dinner in Savannah with some folks from the League of Cities
Blue Dog Energy Task Force
Heading to the weekly Blue Dog mtg then having a working dinner with some Members on energy policy
voting
Back in DC for a busy week
Heading down to Vidalia for the Onion Festival
Energy and Commerce hearing
I'm back in DC--meeting with constituents before an Energy Subcommittee hearing
Meeting Mayor Deke in Augusta this morning.  Were touring storm damaged areas in Aug then the Southeastern Natural Sciences Academy.
come on out to Augusta State's Christenberry Fieldhouse for a free healthcare fair from 10-2 today
heading to the Tattnall County Courthouse ribbon cutting, then heading over to Glennville for the annual law enforcement appreciation dinner
tomorrow--April 16--come out to the Vidalia Health Fair from 11-2 at the Meadows Wellness Center
come on out tomorrow to the Varner 4H Center in Swainsboro, where I'll be hosting a free health care fair from 9-2
visited a long-term care pharmacy in Pooler, then drove out to Milledgeville for a roundtable on the state of rural healthcare in Georgia
Come on out today for the Savannah Health Care fair--free and open to the public.  Today, 12-5, at the Savannah Civic Center
in Statesboro for the evening
good talk this morning at the Savannah Critical Issues Forum
spending the day in meetings in Savannah
Glad to be back in Georgia...about to drive to Savannah
meeting with some representatives of the Georgia Southern writing project
Last votes of the day--then I've got two more afternoon meetings
Meeting with some of my constituents from Savannah and Augusta
back in dc for votes
I'm on my way to Milledgeville for the 48th Georgia National Guard Brigade, Delta Company's Family Day / Sendoff celebration
just received a community health superhero award from the georgia association for primary health care--good way to end my week in dc!
votes, new dem meeting, then more votes.
meetings all morning
subcommittee on energy/environment meeting, then blue dog energy task force meeting
busy afternoon of meetings with some fellow georgians
voting
meeting with georgia health information management folks from savannah then going to two committee hearings
meeting with some folks from savannah before votes at 630
subcommittee on energy and environment hearing, then two meetings with folks from savannah
blue dog energy task force, then meeting with some constituents
meeting with constituents, then 2 committee hearings
voting on the floor then going to the weekly caucus meeting
checking out coast guard cutters at a reception for the navy league in savannah before heading back to dc tonight
claxton rattlesnake roundup
in savannah.  heading to the claxton rattlesnake roundup tomorrow
flying back to savannah
newdems are meeting with carol browner, pres. obamas energy czar
energy subcommittee hearing
pouring a pint of guinness at the night of irish treasures--each pint donates 1000 dollars to the foundation to eradicate duchenne
bout to meet w the southern peanut farmers, then some folks about the cellulosic ethanol plant in treutlen county
in my office meeting with the ga farm bureau young farmers
wrapping up the blue dog weekly bfast, then meeting with some folks from georgia in the office, then headin out to a committee hearing
with fellow members of the new dem coalition--about to meet with president obama!
subcommittee on energy hearing, then subcommittee on health hearing
meeting up in dc with some folks from savannah, then with some folks from waynesboro, then im going to a committee hearing
flying back to dc from sav this afternoon, busy week ahead
spending sunday in augusta.
