In London. Diesel over $10 per gallon.
Hoekstra Global Strategies website @   http://www.hoekstraglobalstrategies.com/
I'll be on Bill Bennett's Morning in America at roughly 7:30 am on Friday.
What to do in Libya: http://www.nationalreview.com/articles/261794/what-should-we-do-about-libya-nro-symposium?page=6
Gitmo comments: http://www.nationalreview.com/corner/261516/back-guantanamo-bay-peter-hoekstra
Op ed on education reform at:  http://dailycaller.com/2011/03/09/bringing-education-reform-back-home/
Push to give military victims of Fort Hood shootings Purple Heart is a great idea. Should be done promptly!
Lesson to learn on Gitmo/trials applied to Libya. Think thru No Fly Zone/support of rebels before we proceed. This is really really hard!
Dutch have done a series of reports on radicalization process over the years. Rep King doing hearings responsibly is the right thing to do.
Continue to watch Libya. This is only the beginning of what will be serious challenges in the ME. This will go on for months.
Lots of exciting things happening including getting Twitter working. Now I can keep you updating again.
I'll be on the Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer at 6:00 tonight on CNN. Be sure to tune in.
FYI/Exciting www.heritage.org/Research/Reports/2011/02/Heritage-Foundation-Names-Former-Rep-Pete-Hoekstra-as-Visiting-Distinguished-Fellow
WSJ oped consistent w my oped of last week. We were blind sided on Egypt. Problem is group think and risk aversion in state/intel community!
New job. Starting w Dickstein today.Other oppts to complement business consulting in the works.Exciting time!
Op ed this week was prophetic. Be prepared for the unexpected. Clear Obama admin totally unprepared for what's happening in Egypt!
Still writing. Check this out. http://www.nationalreview.com/articles/257825/headlines-2011-peter-hoekstra
Framed pg from Inspire (al Qaeda) mag that noted me was a special touch. Michael Leiter's comments on be half of Dir Clapper were very kind.
Award from DNI today was very special. Serving w the Intell community was an honor I will never forget and always cherish.
Congressional career ends. Exciting opportunities for the future. I'll keep you posted. It was a fantastic run. Best wishes to Bill H!
Only fitting Vern and I are on the plane together tonight and the direct flight is delayed. Hopefully get home tonight.Cast last vote today.
Huge win on Gitmo today. Grassroots power!
Are D's trying to sneak closing of Gitmo into legislation in final days of lame duck. Maybe! Stay tuned! Oh, it is still a bad idea!
State Dept continues to withhold wikileaks info from Intell Committee. Der Spiegal/NYT/privates can have it but Congress can't. Outragous!
Justice Dept respects the verdict of Gitmo detainee who is convicted of one out of over 220 counts? No! Justice blew it!
Justice Dept says probe of tapes destruction by CIA is over.Now National Archives says they'll investigate!Pls tell them we're at war!Crazy!
Yemen orders arrest of Al Alaqi. Wow! What took so long?
On the road w Team Huizenga!
al Awlaki finally getting media focus. I said he was dangerous immediately after Ft Hood. Now if Obama administration would only see threat!
On the way to DC. Vote on more deficit/stimulus spending. Spending is destroying America! Time to stop. I'll vote no.
Just finished voting. It was a family affair. Now the journey across the state continues. Someone stealing our yard signs.
2 plant visits completed. Now on 3rd radio call. Great day.
On the road again. At factory gates by 630 am. Last minute push. Had over 200 at our rally last night. 100 at our time of prayer.
With Candice Miller and Nancy Cassis making stops in seme. Good ground game in effect. We'll keep working until the polls close.
Lansing/Milford/Howell/Brighton received warm response. People liked free ice cream. Beautiful day of connecting w voters.
61 hour push until the polls close. Talk to your friends. Get folks out to vote and we'll be fine on Tues. Thanks for all your help!
On the road. Diner stops. Oil spill briefing at 10:15. Push on get out the vote.
Final push continues. People seeing and liking ads. Real contrast to negative ads coming from one camp!Make final donation online today!TY!
Great call day all across state yesterday. TY to all the phone banks and volunteers for making it happen. Wow. Nice job!
On the road again. Beautiful morning.
Traveling the state. Ludington/Manistee/Traverse/Boyne. Going well. We'll just keep pushing.
Exciting wrap up to this phase of the campaign.  Lots of stops. We'll see lots of people. Keep pushing until 8 pm on August 3.
Happy Anniversary. Diane and I celebrate 35 years of faithful marriage today. You need a great partner in life. I have one.
Endorsements were coast to coast today. Detroit Free Press/Grand Rapids Press/and Muskegon Chronicle. Momentum keeps building!
3 great grassroots days in se. Continue successful fundraising. Good poll #s. 10 days to go. Pedal to the metal.
Yes!Dem House leader says closing Gitmo no longer a priority!Progress but need to stay focused on it.
Great morning w ag folks at the ag expo.  You have to be there and know their issues to get their vote.
On CBS Morning on Tuesday. Should be on close to 7:05 am.
Washington booming! Something is wrong with this picture! Read this for more info.  http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0710/39851.html
Almost 100 people at Pizza w Pete in Dearborn Heights tonight. Great turnout. Even better questions and discussion.
Attending eastside republican picnic in Matthew C Patterson Park , Grosse Pointe Park. Couple of other events in se today.
Peggy Noonan piece. http://bit.ly/b1Gy0j  Time for some adult supervision and time to get rid of negative ads.
I agree w Noonan in sat wsj. American politics is in need of adult supervision!Stop petty political attacks and stop negative attack ads!
Attended Venitian Festival in St Joe tonight. Nice night/great weather/large crowds. Summer in Michigan can't be beat!
All kinds of folks doing door to door. I'm doing Holland and Stevensville.
Greta link for last night. http://mms.tveyes.com/ExpandGuest.asp?ln=454130
Lots of time at farmers market this morning.People still disappointed in Pres behavior in Holland.It wasn't presidential or show leadership!
Oh, by the way had an op ed in Wall Street Journal today, Al Qaeda Goes Viral.  An evolving threat!
On w Greta on Fox tonight. Should be substantive interview.
Here's link to National Review. http://tiny.cc/hwyp5
Interesting article in National Review. "The Dangers of Accepting an Invitation From the President".
Mich Agri Business endorsement this morning. Fox Business at 10:03 am this morning. Busy but good day planned.
Pres took a shot at me today.That's not the issue.The issue is that govt picking winners and losers isn't working.The stimulus isn't working
At LG Chem groundbreaking. Disagree w policy but respect office of the President. Voters will have final say in the debate on the economy!
Very successful day. Meetings/events/ and tonights fundraiser in grr. I think we continue to build momentum.
Successful debate. Thought it went very well!
Want to watch the debate?  Go to www.clickondetroit.com
 Enjoy. We'll update you afterwards. Pete
Just finished working at Huron Foods in Waterford. Worked at check out counter.People very surprised that a candidate for governor was there
Democrats blasting me for voting against stimulus package last year. At least THEY got the facts right that I voted no!
Early start on Fox this morning. Big day w debate tonight. Whose idea to schedule at same time as All Star game?
On Fox and Friends 615 am on Tuesday morning. Discussing "Inspire" the new publication from AQAP!
"Inspire" the new magazine from AQ appears to now be available online. Well done. An uptick in their communications campaign! Concerning.
Disappointing loss for the Dutch. Wonder how many people watching the finals. Has to be exciting for Spain. Congratulations!
Roughly 2 hours until start of World Cup. At least if USA isn't in the final the Dutch are. Should be a hopping day in Holland Mi today!
Got a few biking miles in after the townhall.  Beautiful ride to and then along the lake and into town. Should put me over 500 miles.
Finished townhall. Nice turnout for sat night in Marquette. Got a couple of very constructive suggestions that I can and will use.
Met w Back Country folks outside of Rapid River in UP. Good group of people w a good response. Their issue; buraucrats!Is anybody surprised?
In Harvey (U P) tonight for townhall. Details on website. Parade went well in Traverse City.
Beautiful day for a parade. In the Cherry Festival parade. Beginning soon. Full day after parade.
Michigan Teamsters endorsed today as well. Teamsters/Dr Dobson endorsements. Mitt Romney in town and new positive poll results.  Great day!
Dr Dobson endorsed us today. Here's the radio ad we're running. 00039402.mp3 (872K)
Awesome day. Great stop at the American Coney Island in downtown Detroit w Gov Romney.  Grand slam day.
In campaign office this morning. Lots of energy. Lots of people working. Exciting.
Here's our new ad.  http://www.youtube.com/user/petehoekstra#p/a/u/0/r3thdC07IXs  Starts running network/cable statewide tomorrow
Nice event with Kathy Krebs last night. Good turnout with a very lively discussion about the race and where it's headed over last few weeks!
Very effective morning in Lapeer. Businesses/media/local officials. Very helpful to have Candice and Kevin Daley with me all morning.
Wow is it hot!Spent some time ar Caseville Marina.One more story on bureaucracy not working.It will be on website soon. Opportunity lost!
Hot hot hot parade in Clawson today. Met lots of people.Good parade to be at. People glad to see me in se Michigan again. Positive response!
In se Michigan today and tomorrow. 3 out of 4 days. Investment here has made a real difference. We'll keep working hard across the state.
Huge crowd at Ludington parade. Great response. We've always loved this town and this parade.
Worked parade route. Positive response. Waiting for parade to start. Beautiful day in Ludington!
On the road again. Heading to Ludington. Big parade!  Job!  Another perfect day in Michigan. Keep working hard!  Keep building momentum!
Milford Tea Party had a great turnout. Idea Bus is a magnet for people. People stopped at Dairy Queen to say hi and wish us the best
Worked festival in Clarkston after the parade. Very good response. People come up when they see the shirts w Hoekstra on them.
Successful parade in Clarkston. Helps to be working the crowd w Mike Rogers. Good recognition from the crowd.
Have a great 4th of July weekend. Remember those who have served and do serve to make us free and safe. God bless America!
Awarded medals to military veterans. WW l /WW ll /Korea / and Vietnam all represented. Great honor to do on July 4 th weekend.
"Inspire" an online Al Qaida publication out today. Tool for recruiting in America.
Another 2300 pg bill passes. Health care takeover is law. This financial services may become law. Stimulus. Elections do matter.
Sorry. It was live to tape. Will actually be on Fox Business at 8 and 11 pm. Program is Money Rocks. Good interview.
