As my son Weston said today, God spoke to us this morning with a White Christmas in the Tennessee Valley. Emmanuel, God is with us.
Please support Kerry Roberts for State Senate. Diane Black was strong and Kerry will serve our state well. Conservative from Biblical view !
Hamilton County doing very well. Claude Ramsey goes to Nash to help Gov Haslam. Judge Mike Carter is best choice to replace Ramsey as Mayor.
Claude Ramsey-great choice by Gov-elect Haslam. Set high standard. I will not pursue office of o Mayor. Returning to private sector Jan 3.
Reading the tea leaves, there is a good chance that taxes will go up for some job creators Jan 1 further chilling economic recovery.
I will be on Chris Matthews today at 530est talking about the new GOP majority, leadership races, the Class of 94 and more. Rusty but ready.
Congrats to John Elkington today. The Beale Street developer joins the "Walk of Fame". Tennessee loves Elk !!
Watch Tennessee fan David Keith in Lone Star Mon night at 9est on Fox.
The hundreds of Tennesseans who have written or called remind us that there are many things more important than politics. God bless you all.
No way I would have anymore love +support had we won. People are so wonderful. Life is good. God is great.
Thanks from the Wamp family. We were honored to be the choice of 209K Tennesseans for Governor.
Could not be more encouraged today. People of Tennessee are so good to my family. Peace in my heart.
Conservatives in Tenn must unite tomorrow. Ramsey+Wamp both meet test. Ramsey can't win. Please don't throw your vote away.
Wamp team will not be "flying around state" in corporate jets today. We will stay w/ the people on the ground in our used RV.
Giants have stepped in to help and speak truth into my life as I prepare to be Governor. We thank God for them.
What a day we have had !!  Momentum building all over Tennessee. We are so grateful the undecided are joining our winning team.
As a UT parent + big supporter of Univ of Tn, I believe Bruce Pearl has no business endorsing candidates for state office.
Tennessee republicans join the Wamp team this week to choose the best candidate for Governor, some things money just can't buy !
Big week for future of Tennessee. Vision,strength+results. Please vote Thursday for conservative choice Zach Wamp.
Ham Co-3 early voting sites, Knox-9 early voting sites. need to change that but Ham Co- get out+elect 1st Governor in 105 yrs from SE Tn-8/5
Just finished 4 days across Tn. Incredible response from hard working middle class people just trying to make it who want conservative Gov !
The arrogance of the rich and powerful will not be honored. We need humble leaders to follow Gods direction.
Have not seen this much late momentum in a campaign in many years. Thank you Tennessee GOP !!
Last day of early voting. Decision time in 5 days. Final verdict is weak+wrong vs right+strong. I stand strong on taxes,sovereignty+vision
Shelby Co really strong now ! Turnout high in our areas. Rural west strong. Haslam falling- ruthlessly negative. People want honest advertis
Great event 2nite at Henpeck w/ Jeff Allen,TG Sheppard,MW Smith,Two Foot Fred+120 good folk. Back 2 Shelby now. Full day as we win the west.
When talk gets "right" in a campaign, good things happen. We are now there. Thanks Tennesseans for your support !
Said"civility+right temperament",then runs most negative campaign. Mailers,radio,TV all total negative. Bill Haslam-biggest hypocrite in Tn
Our momentum has now triggered the most ruthless and ugly campaign mailings by the Haslams. Reject this nastiness.
Absurd how much Pilot Oil money Haslam is spending to blatantly mislead voters about my record. Don't let him buy this election w/ untruths.
Voted to fund our troops today. Back in E Tn ready to finish strong. Hal Hill show Wed morn. People can reject false advertising by Haslam !
Haslam and Ramsey now flatly and intentionally misleading people in their ads. We must be doing very well in early voting !!!
Stops in 7 Eden counties today. Sure seems like we are winning. Momentum is w/us.
Momentum equals intensity and turnout. Asking all supporters to turn it on for 10 days and we will win !!!
Washington GOP picnic-big crowd. Haslam no show again. Waldo ? Boone Trail Baptist sweet praise time. Carter,Greene,Blount,Monroe,Polk-Mon.
Haslam has stalled out, now does not show up for GOP events. May be going to Dem events. Pilot Oil money flowing, polls falling,Wamp winning
Events in 15 counties this week. Davidson,Williamson,Cheatham,Dickson+Maury-sat Washington,Sullivan,Carter,Greene,Blount,Monroe+Polk-Sun/Mon
Great day in W Tn. Folks are fired up. Know the momentum causes attacks.
From "civility" and "right temperament" to hypocrisy+hysteria. Clearly our momentum has caused Haslam to flip.
No-Till Day in Milan awesome as real grassroot Tennesseans gather+ encourage my heart. Dyersburg-warm greeting. Crockett,Madison+Fayette nxt
We can feel momentum in all 3 grand divisions. Haslam just raised his spending- Pilot Oil money flowing. People can cap it !!
Liberal editorial pages support Bill Haslam. Maybe that's why he gave Al Gore money for President.
Momentum now unreal. Folks coming to our winning team from all directions.
Williamson,Robertson today. John Rich event at Red Rooster at 6cst in Nash. Sumner,Wilson-Tues. People w/ us. Don't let Haslams buy election
Haslams try to discredit Rusty for simply telling the truth on issues. Arrogantly, they will destroy innocents in their lust for more power
Bill Baxter Op-ed endorsement in KnoxNews today is a must read. Says it all !
CTFP endorsement this morning + incredible momentum thru west Tn and middle will lead to strong conservative Governor in Tennessee.
Obviously, Rutherford Co is Wamp Country. Ronnie Barrett-Barrett Firearms endorsed me. Haslam gives $ to Al Gore for Pres./ Gun owners 4 me.
Chatt early vote kickoff awesome. Plane w/ banner-Vote early for Zach Wamp. "Talk" in state all good. Don't let 'em buy it !!
Polls about to open for historic election. Please go vote early. Thanks to thousands who helped bring us this far. We'll win w/ intensity !
Amazed at how much support we have gained since the debate. Tonight in Sevier and Knox clear evidence folks don't want Haslams to buy it !
Just signed the discharge petition H.R. 4972 to repeal Healthcare bill on House floor.
To have two great Tennesseans like Jack Faris and Jim Bryson step out to endorse me means so much as free people choose their next Governor.
Loved mtg lady at Davdsn evt who came bcause Haslam paid for her lunch,left supporting me. Typical of bought vs earned support. We will win.
Welcomed troops home Fri from Iraq. Education event+supporters in upper Cumberland strong. Today-Davidson +McMinn. Undecideds coming to us !
Wamp supporters know the only poll that matters is Aug 5 results. Our base is strong+intense. Vision/passion/results ! McMinn picnic now !!
Awesome day in Tipton,Shelby,Fayette+McNairy counties. People know difference tween big $ and real leader.
Awesome day in Tipton,Shelby,Fayette +McNairy counties. People know difference tween big $ and real leader.
Great event in Jackson tonight. People have faith in the voters of Tn. BTW, I am a cosponsor of bill to audit fed. Conservatives unite now !
Happy 4th ! Speak at Higher Ground Baptist this morning, then Mdwview-lunch, on to Jonesborough at 2, Knoxville at 5+Collegedale at 8. USA.
Evts today in Fairfield Glade,Dunlap,Rhea,Hawkins,Hamblen. Tomorrow in Sullivan, Washington, Knox+Hamilton. Happy 4th to all.
Happy 4th of July Tennesseeans. 2 wks til early voting. Glad that David slew Goliath. Help me do that on Aug 5.
Just left Ricky Skaggs at Ryman. Dave Ramsey event tonight was best of year for any candidate. Haslam-BIG OIL problem. Don't let him buy it
Just spoke to contractors state conv in Memphis. Have 100 percent record w/ them over 16 years. Pro-growth, dynamic economy is 20/20 Vision.
Ricky Skaggs event last night, John Rich event tonight, Dr Murrman Wed night +Dave Ramsey event Thur night all show momentum,support grows.
Davidson Co GOP mtg-Green Hills went well. Great group. State DAV conv strong-veterans know I have been their friend+best for Governor.
Great trip to west Tn. So many good things happening now. Thank you Tennessee Republicans for ur support.
Upper Cumberland very strong 2day. $ event in Clarksville excellent. Memphis here we come again. Momentum builds each day. 20/20 Vision wins
95 counties in Tennessee. Tops in fundraising so far for us-Hamilton Co. Second best is Knox Co. Many people know difference in leadership !
Another great $$ Knox event tonight. 95 counties in Tn-
Last big dinner 2nite-Sullivan Co. 27 days til early voting. Clear choice-true conserv vs wealthy establ guy who raised taxes+opposed guns
Very special event last night in Franklin w/ "The Whites". People pray for laborers+they come. Coffee Co 2nite. Tri-cities Sat. Voting soon
Kingsport is wonderful city. Folks in City Hall nicest so far. Eastman employees for lunch+Washington/Sevier counties. Workin folks for me.
Learn a lot at Hardees+McDonalds brkfst clubs in Rogersville. People don't want big $ taking control of govt. Time for strong, middle class.
TML today in Gtlnburg. Then Oak Ridge, NE cand forum in Blountville, back to Anderson+Grainger.  Hawkins, Sullivan, Washington+Sevier Tues.
Returned to Morgan Co today. Wonderful people. Well rcvd at Prof Educ of Tn mtg. Strong Rutherford Co. event. Leadership money can't buy !!
Events in 5 E Tn counties today. Excellent crowds+momentum. Folks who have it made vs folks who are just trying to make it. Like our people.
Events in 5
Great response at Shelby Co GOP women picnic. Very grateful activists r coming on board. W/strong finish, true grassroot conservative wins !
38 days til early voting. Home stretch is classic duel between grassroots base of middle class Tennesseans vs big $$. Can't buy leadership !
Stops in McMinn, Loudon, Knox, Campbell, Hamblen+Grainger in last 24 hours. Folks who r just trying to make it r for me. Grassroots matter.
Blount Co response today very strong. Middle class, working people are for us. Loudon+Knox to come. Folks want full disclosure by candidates
New ad @zachwamp.com. Goes  statewide tomorrow. My focus on more production+small biz jobs in Tn will create the most dynamic economy in US.
Fox 17 first thing today. Then Spring Hill Rotary, First Tuesday group, then Suicide Prevention+on to Memphis again. 45 days to early voting
Cumberland co. straw poll victory 2night shows base growing everywhere.  Speak at Cornerstone church w/ Gov Huckabee Sun AM- Henderson ville
Really have peace in my heart about our campaign. So many wonderful Tennesseans are now working very hard to support my vision 4 our state.
Staying in DC today to vote no on Defense bill because change in Don't Ask, Don't Tell is bad for America. Will greatly weaken our military.
Now at Tn Valley Corridor event in DC. National award winner in econ development. We need a Jobs Governor w/experience.  I am that Governor.
Hope you caught debate last night. Vision for Th plus passion for the people of our great state. We need strong leader during tough times.
Tune in PBS affiliates tonight 8est/7cst to view 90 minute debate among GOP candidates for Governor live from Shelby Co. Got momentum 4sure.
Memphis+Med need commitment from next Governor. Pledge to do all "in my power" to fully fund is no threat to others, just proper leadership.
Excellent week building strongest base from west to east. 2 Brentwood evts, one Belmont today. Knox $$ tonight strong. Loudon+Hamilton-Sat.
Memphis Matters ! The Med Matters. My commitment is full and complete. I will be a Governor for West Tn because they need attention from Gov
May 18 is Kim and my 25th wedding anniversary. She would be such a gracious, kind + giving First Lady of Tennessee. Will enjoy the day off.
Kudos to Sen Alexander+delegation on flood relief $ for west+middle Tn. Everyone can do something. We are Tennesseans !
Overflow crowds in Collierville,Jackson+East Memphis today. Memphis in May 2nite-great reception. West Tn needs Gov attention-i am that Gov!
Excellent day in Shelby and Fayette. Memphis Matters+as Governor, area will be Americas Distribution Center.
Collierville brkst clubs awesome today. Intermodal conf my pro business base.
Excellent day/ Nash-ABC forum-my production agenda "making,building,growing"! Jr Chamber forum clear vision difference. In Memphis again now
Happy Mothers Day to every single mom in Tenn. My children have the best mom I've seen. She will make the best first lady too. Very blessed!
