Great game. Congrats to the Auburn Tigers, 2010 BCS  national champions. #WarEagle
Very hazardous conditions in Bham. Layer of ice under the snow makes it hard to walk, much less drive. Again, please stay in tonight
Icy slush on the roads in Huntsville, will be ice tonight.Crews are sanding but it's still extremely dangerous http://plixi.com/p/69145724
Just signed a State of Emergency due to the approaching storm.  State agencies have called up extra manpower & equipment
Proud to proclaim Saturday "Cameron Newton Day" in Alabama. Cam is a special individual... http://bit.ly/g8xywd #wareagle #auburn
@weesiev pleasure was ours, thanks again
Sitting down at a meeting with the New York Times. Ricky Mathews and I are here to talk about Alabama's Roadmap to Resilience.
Nice visiting with my friend @JoeNBC on his show this morning. Very important to keep talking about Gulf Coast recovery& building resilience
Patsy and I would like to wish you and your family a very Merry Christmas. Today and everyday may we be mindful of God's gift of love to us
Follow the link to find contact info for your Rep. Tell them we can’t pass up this opportunity to enact true reform http://bit.ly/2hcrnR
Special session on anti-corruption reform continues today. Will you join me in urging the House to close the lobbyist reform loophole?
Going to Calvert for opening of ThyssenKrupp. 30,000 worked to build it. 2,700 permanent employees. $5 billion investment in AL
I'll be on MSNBC today 2:10 pm Central discussing Alabama's commitment to First Class Pre-K.
Putting public hearing online shows new majority is serious about transparency in govt.
Special session starts tomorrow. Public hearing @ 6 pm in State Capitol. If you can't be there, watch live @ www.governor.alabama.gov
In New York, about to go on Morning Joe in 30 min.
Read the anti-corruption proposals on our website: http://bit.ly/gf1w1C and join the conversation on facebook: http://on.fb.me/harrZs
The opportunity to enact real reforms has never been better and the need has never been greater. We dare not wait any longer.
Thanks to last month’s elections, we have an historic opportunity to not only reform this corrupt political culture but end it.
I am calling a special session of the Legislature to pass strict anti-corruption laws so we can clean up the system that has held us back
Sure would be something for our state to have back-to-back championships and Heisman winners. Congratulations to Auburn. #WarEagle #RollTide
No matter who wins tomorrow's election, we are committed to a seamless transition in administrations http://tinyurl.com/2c6hd4f
In the Shoals today to announce expansion of North American Lighting: $10.2 million investment in local econ & nearly 100 new jobs
I'm thanking DHR staff & adopting parents today for promoting adoption. AL receives 5th largest adoption $ award in nation
Changing of the Guard at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier http://plixi.com/p/46550502
Just walked up to the Lincoln memorial and the Korean memorial talking about sacrifice on the way. a conversation I will never forget
Lunch on the lawn at the WWII memorial. Now on the way to Vietnam Korean and Lincoln memorials http://plixi.com/p/46534921
Here's a photo of Walt and Ed at the WWII Memorial on the mall in DC - the memorial to THEIR service http://plixi.com/p/46532819
Proud to be their Honor Flight guardian for their special day. They have kept me laughing since we took off
Sitting with two great vets: Walt, 93, Merchant Marine and still as sharp as anyone you'd ever meet. Ed,87,great Navy man, landed at Okinawa
Honor flight Flying over DC monuments and Arlington Cemetery landing in DC
If you know a WW II vet - call them today - tell them thank you for what they did - I promise,  it will make their day and yours
However , we all have a very short window of opportunity to thank the greatest generation for their service.
Men&women who still dont think of themselves as special but they are and always will be. We are who we are today because of their sacrifices
They also built a special  moral code and a pride In our country that they still carry with them today.
This generation built the strongest, most productive and prosperous nation the world had ever seen.
To be around these men in alot of ways is like visiting again with my Dad. This generation I believe was w/o a doubt our greatest generation
something always forces me to cancel- not today! There is probably some reason not to go today but I couldn't let the opportunity pass again
Honor Flight. Finally after months of trying - we are taking off. This is something I've wanted to do for over a year
Biggest Moon I've seen in a long time this am at the airport as the WWII vets are arrived with a police escort - what a day
We're proud to celebrate 2 years of KidCheck, a program that's offered 50K free health screenings to school kids in rural AL w/o taxpayer $
Our economic development momentum continues:Hyundai Heavy Industries bringing 1000 new jobs to Alabama.http://bit.ly/a7rpjS
Lately, we’ve had several major announcements of new industries coming to our state & we’re working to win others before the end of the year
From April to August, Alabama’s unemployment rate has fallen from 11% to 9.2%. 4 straight months of decline in unemployment is a good trend
Photo of Gov Riley opening the 2010 annual meeting of the Southern Governors' Association in Bham http://tweetphoto.com/41961927
The expansion brings Mercedes' total investment in Alabama to $1 billion. We're proud that Mercedes-Benz US International calls Alabama home
Today we toured the new $290 million expansion at Mercedes. It will allow MBUSI to transition into adding the C-Class to its production line
We reached agreement w/ Raytheon for new missile facility in Huntsville. 300 new jobs. Avg annual base wage $60,000
Proud to announce that Hyundai Heavy Industries will be locating their first US plant in Montgomery bringing 500 jobs to the River Region
Hope you and your family have a wonderful 4th of July. Please remember those who today are overseas fighting for us
In Mobile about to meet with Ken Feinberg, who the President has appointed to oversee the $20B BP compensation fund
We'll be able to go to advanced high-tech industries with a unique selling point: a workforce highly skilled in robotics
Just think of the advantages this Robotics Technology Park will give us in the competition for new industries and jobs.
This 3-phase complex will make Alabama the nations's leader in robotics workforce development and Research&Development
From the factory floor to the hospital operating room and from the family farm to outer space, robotics is transforming how we live and work
Today we're breaking ground on Phase 2 of the Robotics Technology Park, a one-of-a-kind complex for robotics R&D and workforce development
In North Alabama meeting with the Decatur Daily Editorial Board.
We've enjoyed a beautiful weekend in Orange Beach. I hope you'll take your family down to the Alabama Gulf Coast & support the local economy
In just a few days, we've increased the number of claims by almost half. Thanks to our Guard troops and EMA for a great job
National Guard troops & EMA folks have already made a difference in getting coastal residents and businesses compensated for their losses
Met with Sen Sessions, Rep Bonner plus mayors of Orange Beach & Gulf Shores about progress with claims. Alabama has a united front
About to be live on CNN with John King. We're talking about the oil spill's impact on Alabama's environment and economy.
National Guard troops and EMA professionals will be dispatched throughout the region to help those affected prepare their claims
In Baldwin County to announce our plan to assist citizens and businesses affected by the oil spill in the claims process
Headed back down to Mobile for more meetings.
Met with Admiral Allen again today to generate a plan to increase protection for Alabama's coast & Mobile Bay. Need more boom, more skimmers
In New Orleans about to meet with President Obama and other federal officials to reiterate Alabama's concerns about the oil spill response
Ask them if they support the Alabama Reading Initiative, AMSTI, First Class Pre-K and our plan for public charter schools
Every candidate will tell you they're for education. But ask them if they support and will build on the reforms we've made
Having high-quality school leaders results in a better education for all of Alabama's children
Our task now is to make sure Alabama sustains these reforms in the future because they lead to better school leaders
Southern Regional Education Board says Alabama is "pacesetter" and "strong leader" in improving the quality of our school leaders
We're at Samford University celebrating more accolades for our education reforms. AL is recognized nationally for forward-thinking policies
Perfect fit for UAH and Huntsville. The Center will be led by Dr. Mike Griffin, who served as NASA Administrator under President Bush
the type of systems include smart power grids, space launch vehicles, robotics, aviation systems and missile defense, to name a few.
Just announced the new Center for Systems Studies will be built at UAH, for groundbreaking research into complex engineering systems
Instructions to apply for oil spill cleanup jobs can be found online http://bit.ly/dyxRvD
To view photos of this morning's Honor Flight send off, visit http://www.flickr.com/photos/governorriley
Not a day should go by when each of us doesn’t stop and recognize the sacrifice they made so that we could live in a land of freedom.
They defeated some of the most hostile enemies this country has ever known, then came back home and built this nation into what it is today.
When you think about what the WWII generation did for this country, you really can’t help but be grateful.
This morning I had the privilege of visiting with the South Alabama Honor Flight veterans to give them a proper send off on their trip
I just sat down with Mel Showers at News 5 and Bob Grip at Fox 10 to talk about the oil leak. Thanks for keeping your viewers informed.
We just met with local officials from Mobile and Baldwin Counties about getting their municipalities protected and prepared
Just landed at Dauphin Island. We'll be going out with some of the crews who are deploying barriers to protect our coast.
We flew over Dauphin Island & Alabama's beaches. ADEM, the National Guard and the Coast Guard are working hard to protect our coast
Taking off to go survey our coastal barriers protecting our shores from the gulf oil leak
Earlier today I declared a state of emergency for oil approaching our coast. In Mobile now meeting with BP and officials on response plan.
About to jump on conf call w/ Sec Napolitano & fellow gulf coast governors
Gov Riley convenes Cabinet to plan state's response to the oil slick approaching Alabama's coast http://twitpic.com/1jo2c1
Photo of Governor Riley, Coast Guard & ADEM officials surveying the oil slick in the Gulf of Mexico - http://twitpic.com/1jnt3a
Met w/ Cabinet today on oil slick. Updated on latest & reaching out to citizens/businesses that will be impacted.
Will be on WSFA live at 6 to discuss state's actions about the oil slick in the gulf
Met w/ Coast Guard & state agency leaders about gulf oil leak. We're working with Coast Guard to prepare
Talking to House members about why it is so important to pass the fixed PACT bill.
A good day. Started w/ celebration of AL's progress in Pre-K. Honored WW2 heroes featured in "The Pacific" & now welcoming new jobs to AL
Only 9 states show improvement in 8th grade reading on "nation's report card." AL is one of them. More proof ARI works!
We've put spending, flight logs, contingency fund all online. Now need disclosure of lobbyist spending on public officials #sunshineweek
@rep88 (Mac Gipson) joined me to mark #sunshineweek today w/ news conf on our proposal to make govt more transparent
About to join the Greater Huntsville Rotary Club for lunch and talk with them about what's going on in Montgomery
