Pleased to announce that we have reorganized the House Republican Technology Working Group: http://tinyurl.com/64w2wlb
On the Tinker Creek Greenway in Roanoke.  The water is still high from the recent rains.  A beautiful day for a walk.
The crowd for the St Patrick's Day parade in Roanoke today was the largest I have ever seen.  The weather was beautiful & folks were upbeat.
At 2 pm we will begin a hearing in the Ag Comm with Lisa Jackson, Admin of the EPA as the witness. Watch it at:http://tinyurl.com/4qwc5cp
Met interesting folks in the Capitol recently.  Herschel Walker was talking up youth athletics & Jack Hanna was promoting our nation's zoos.
Good morning in Lynchburg helping to build a home w/ Habitat for Humanity. Lots of folks were out to help including students from CT and KY.
We are passing HR 3 out of the House Judiciary Comm today.  "No Taxpayer Funding For Abortions Act", makes gov't policy clear on this issue.
What would you ask the Speaker of the House? Now is your chance. Learn how to submit your question -- http://tinyurl.com/6lf9zal
Congrats to JMU, VT, UofR, WM and UVA for making Princeton Review’s Best Values list! http://tinyurl.com/46myd4z
Debate on the continuing resolution, which would cut over $100 billion in federal spending, continues on the House floor.
Less government spending = more private sector #jobs
The amt of new debt proposed by Obama's FY12 budget is larger than the total amt of debt accumulated by the fed govt from 1789 until 1/20/09
Just introduced Va Atty Gen Ken Cuccinelli at a hearing at Judiciary Comm on constitutionality of individual mandate in the health care law.
Chaired a good hearing on net neutrality. Importnt task of keeping internet access open  should not be handled by FCC regulatory bureacrats
The President's budget out this week does not take us where we need to go w/ a $1.4 trillion deficit.  It spends, taxes & borrows too much.
Just heard former Balt. Oriole Al Bumbry speak at the 20th Annual Salem - Roanoke Baseball Hall of Fame Banquet.  Had a lot of stolen bases.
In Linville, VA at the Lincoln family cemetery to present flag flown over US Capitol and hear Phil Stone's annual Lincoln birthday speech.
TT
Last night Maryellen and I enjoyed a performance of "Anastasia" at Attic Productions the community theater in Fincastle. Shows Feb 5, 10-12.
Highlight was my tour of poet Anne Spencer's home & garden in Lburg w/ her granddaughter Shaun Spencer-Hester, Garnell Stamps & Jane White.
Busy day w/ a stop in Rke to cut the ribbon for the new Grandin Village Valley Bk and in Lynchburg to speak to the Kiwanis Club at lunch.
Spent day w/ good folks in Elkton. 1st stop w/vets at the VFW, then w/ seniors at EA com center & finally w/ students at East Rockingham HS.
Check out today's WSJ editorial about the court ruling in favor of the 26 states that challenged Obamacare:  http://tinyurl.com/4uke6yt
@RepGoodlatte
Great day today in Shenandoah County with visits to the R.R. Donnelly and Mercury Paper plants and speaking to the Strasburg Rotary Club.
According to CBO, each U.S. household’s share of FY 2011 spending will be $32,292.  House Republicans are working to change this!
Watch the Republican address to the nation live on my facebook page tonight: http://tinyurl.com/6bfbr64
Sup. Court Justice Scalia spoke today to House Members about the separation of powers in our unique Constitution. Wish we had more like him.
At the Souper Bowl II at the Taubman Museum of Art to benefit the Rescue Mission and Roanoke Area Ministries.  Great soup, lots of people!
House shifted gears today to focus on workable, cost effective healthcare reform.At Judiciary Comm we held hearings on med liability reform.
Great op-ed by our GOP Chairmen -- Repeal is first, not last, step
http://tinyurl.com/4dg6jrb
Vote to repeal Obamacare ystdy was bipartisan with 3 Democrats joining all Republicans. Bigger margin on repeal than passage! #HCRcostsjobs
My remarks on the House Floor about the need to repeal the government takeover of health care: http://tinyurl.com/24yhwbd #hcrcostsjobs
Today we'll vote to repeal the healthcare law that kills jobs, raises taxes, cuts Medicare & increases cost of hc coverage. #hcrcostsjobs
We're eating delicious Turner sugar cured country ham for dinner tonight.  From their store at Fulks Run in Rockingham County.
I joined other House Repubs in visiting Ft McHenry ystdy before we began our retreat to plan our legislative agenda for the new Congress.
Nice crowd turned out in Bergton on a very cold day to cut the ribbon for the new and improved Rt 820 - Bergton Rd. in Rockingham County.
Nice visit with Al Hubbard this morning at his Healthy Stuff Cakery/Cafe on Grandin Road next to the Post Office.  He is a great baker.
Congrats to Greg Habeeb on his victory in the 8th House Dist. special.  He'll do a great job in Richmond representing Salem and Rke County.
Excited to announce @AnnaEshoo will join us as the newest Co-Chair of the Congressional Internet Caucus: http://tinyurl.com/4sd47jl
Today is the day to vote for Greg Habeeb if you live in the 8th House District (Salem and part of Roanoke County). Others call your friends!
Big turnout at Greg Habeeb's campaign hq for a get out the vote rally featuring Governor Bob McDonnell. Vote & get out the vote on Tuesday!
Coming up.  Live on Fox Business News with Neil Cavuto at 6:15 pm.  Tune in while we talk about efforts by the new Congress to cut spending.
Talking to Sen. Fred Thompson on his radio program about the historic reading of the Constitution on the House Floor.
About to start the reading of the U.S. Constitution on House floor -- first time ever.
Congrats to Morgan Griffith(9th Dist.) and Robert Hurt (5th Dist.) & their families!  Today they took the oath to serve in the U. S. House.
Thurs morn tune in to Fox News at 9:10 am.  I'll be speaking with Bill Hemmer of America's Newsroom on reading the Const. in the House.
What a great day here at the Capitol as 320 constituents came up to witness the swearing in of the new Republican majority House of Reps.
Tune in The Last Word w/ Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC tonight at 10:35.I'm discussing first ever reading of the US Constitution in the House.
Happy New Year to all of my friends!  I hope it is a year that begins our national return to limited government and fiscal responsibility.
My statement on passing legis. to stop the increase of taxes on most & defeat of the omnibus pork spending bill: http://tinyurl.com/36sbyqg
Hearing on Espionage Act & the legal & const issues about Wikileaks.  Good pts on classification, document security, free press & espionage.
I was on the Jay Leno show Wednesday night! Check it out:http://tinyurl.com/374oaz9. The speech was during the Porteous impeachment trial.
The US Senate found Judge  Porteous guilty on all 4 articles of impeachment and removed him from office.  Was an honor to present the case.
At 2:30 I will be presenting closing arguments before U.S. Senate in the impeachment trial of Judge Porteous. Watch on C-SPAN2 or online.
The Living Christmas Tree at Thomas Road Baptist Ch in Lburg is a highlight of the yr. The 40th year sharing the true meaning of Christmas.
Serving as co-chair of the transition team on reforming how the House operates.  Read more & share your ideas: http://tinyurl.com/2fh49co
Cyber thieves beware: http://tinyurl.com/2ubahrz
Was honored to speak at the Virginia Farm Bureau Annual Meeting at The Homestead today and to receive the Distinguished Service to Ag Award.
Latest on the Poff Fed Bldg. The GSA broke the law & told the bidding contractors the max amt the govt would pay! http://tinyurl.com/283duwb
Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours!  We live during a time of many challenges but we need to give thanks to God for many blessings.
Kirkin O the Tartan at Thrasher Mem United Methodist Church in Vinton this morn celebrated Scottish heritage w/ Va. Highlands Pipes & Drums
Repub Party of VA 2010 Advance in NOVA is drawing a big crowd to plan to move our agenda of cutting the size of govt & growing the economy.
Veterans Day falls each year the day after the anniversary of the U.S. Marine Corps.  Happy 235th birthday!
At the Amherst County Courthouse for the Veterans Day program hosted by the Amherst Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution.
Leaving Herman L Horn Elem School in Vinton where I spoke to the children about Veterans Day and thanking those who have served our country.
Honored to serve as member of GOP Transition Team. Will work to ensure that people’s House is transparent & open. http://tinyurl.com/2e8kt93
After a nice hike on the Chessie rails to trail between Lexington and Buena Vista we attended the Virginia Wildlife Center Annual Banquet.
The best meal around this wkend may be the Country Supper today until 8 pm at the Collierstown Presbyterian Church in SW Rockbridge County.
Headed to the Veterans Day Parade in downtown Rke. Come on out to show your support for those who have defended our country. Starts at 11am
Maryellen and I enjoyed being in Amherst last night for the town's centennial anniversary recognition dinner.  Good food and fellowship!
Thanks to my friends and voters all across the 6th District for your votes and trust.  It is an honor to serve you and represent your values
November is here!!  Be sure to vote today!  Polls are open until 7pm.  Beautiful weather here in the 6th District.
Remember to vote tomorrow!  That was the message Gov McDonnell and I had for a big crowd at the Lynchburg GOTV rally for Hurt and Goodlatte!
RT @johnboehner: My op-ed in @USATODAY on Republicans' new way forward for creating jobs, cutting spending, & reforming Congress http:// ...
To Blacksburg for GOTV rally for the 6th and 9th Dists w/ McDonnell, Bolling, Cuccinelli & Griffith!  Come out! 7:15 pm 1601 Tech Center Dr.
It was pancakes in Botetourt day first at Applebee's for the Botetourt Free Clinic & then at LBHS for Kiwanis.  I'm stuffed but it was good!
A big and enthusiastic crowd at the Roanoke County Repub lunch today welcomed Republican Party of Va Chmn Pat Mullins. November is coming!
RT @GOPWhip: Pls RT this if you agree w/ me that Congress needs to cut spending immediately http://j.mp/c20nTv #tcot
Very honored to receive the endorsement of the National Vietnam & Gulf War Veterans Coalition consisting of 75 veterans organizations!!
Speaking at Woodstock Rotary Club today, Maryellen & I  enjoyed good fellowship and lunch catered by Shaffer's. November is coming! 5 days!
Pleased to have again received the Tax Fighter Award from The National Tax Limitation Committee for my voting record this Congress.
National Kidney Foundation's Roanoke Kidney Walk in Wasena Pk.  Come on out for a walk on the Roanoke River Greenway and help a good cause.
Over 300 folks turned out on a nice fall day for my annual picnic in Verona. Energized by the speeches, they know that November is coming!
At the Farmers Mkt at the govt cntr in Verona for my 2nd Annual Republican Family Picnic. Come join us noon to 3 for great barbecue and fun!
Come to Va Museum of Trans in Rke today to see the Edison2 the first 4 passenger 100 mpg car, winner of $5 million prize & built in L'burg!
Successful fundraiser in Rke tonight for Robert Hurt running a great race in the 5th district in the face of a torrent of misleading ads.
At Feeding America's SW Virginia Ann Food Drive Celebration Luncheon.  The food bank plays a critical role in getting food to those in need.
At Fairview Elem School in Roanoke this morning Mrs Southerland's first grade class helped me read a great book: "House Mouse, Senate Mouse.
Got an early start today speaking at the well named Lexington Sunrise Rotary Club.  A big crowd gathered at Crozet Hall at Virginia Mil Inst
Only 5 days till my FREE GOP Reunion and Family BBQ.  Make sure you RSVP today at www.BobGoodlatte.com/Reunion or Reunion@BobGoodlatte.com 
At the Roanoke Valley Greenway Commission annual picnic at Rotary Park in Salem.  Surprised to receive a beautiful framed greenway photo.
Hiking with the Darbys. A fabulous fall day for Sam and Jean Darby's annual hike to McAfee's knob where you can see forever!
Heading home from New Market after speaking at Shenandoah Co District 1 dinner.  Repubs can see Nov  coming! Good to be with Sen. Obenshain.
Have you ever been to Fort Valley? A beautiful spot tucked in  the Massanutten Mtns. Fire Dept Ham and Oyster Dinner.  Great food & friends
Headed to Broadway, VA for the 46th Annual Broadway/Timberville Chamber of Commerce Fall Festival and Car Show.  Long Drive from Amherst.
At the Amherst County Apple Harvest Festival at Amherst County H.S. Come on out and enjoy a beautiful fall day and a cup of apple cider!
Received endorsement of Americans for Legal Immigration for my support of enforcement of immigration & border laws & opposition to amnesty.
Over 80 folks turned out in Covington last night for my town meeting about cap & trade and the the economy.  It was a great success.
Spoke at the Hotel Roanoke this afternoon to a conf celebrating the 75th Ann. of the Blue Ridge Parkway. A gathering of folks from VA & NC.
