Thank you, Wyoming, for your generous support and encouragement. I will always put Wyoming first.
The polls are closed! I continue to be amazed and humbled by the support and encouragement from WY. WY really is the last best place.
Heading over to the GOP party at Suite 1901 and then to Little America. Looking forward to seeing friends from across the state tonight.
Election Day has arrived! Be sure to vote if you have not done so already. Find your polling place here http://tinyurl.com/2dgy4hg.
I will be on Public Pulse this morning with Kim Love in Sheridan. Listen here http://www.sheridanmedia.com/page/streams-downloads
Thanks to all the county parties that held events for the GOP bus tour & to the WY citizens that came to hear your candidates before Nov 2nd
Last day of the bus tour! We are heading from Evanston to Green River, Rock Springs, Rawlins and Laramie. Hope to see you out on the trail!
RT @nick_ayers: Touched down in Wyoming. Another pick up opportunity for @The_RGA with a strong Christie-like candidate @mattmeadforgov  ...
Just picked up Governor Barbour and now on the way to CWC. Looking forward to a great rally in Riverton!
On the bus to Thermopolis for the rally and for lunch! Then to Riverton to meet up with Gov Barbour. #RGA #GOPbustour
Thank you Cody residents for waking up early & visiting with your GOP candidates before work this morning. Off to Greybull with #GOPbustour
RT @butterbob: @mattmeadforgov You may also listen on Wyoming Public Radio!
RT @jpelzer: More details on RGA chair/potential 2012 presidential candidate Haley Barbour's campaign stop in Riverton tmrw http://is.gd ...
TV debate tonight! Please tune in to WY PBS at 7pm for the live debate. You can also watch it online here:  http://thewyonews.net/
Getting ready for the TV debate tonight on WY PBS at 7pm. For more info, click here http://www.wyoptv.org/decision2010/debate/
Had a great day today in Gillette, Sundance, Newcastle, Moorcroft, & Aladdin. Prepping for the PBS debate. Watch it live on WY PBS at 6pm.
Started this morning in Moorcroft and had events in Sundance and Alladin. Looking forward to meeting the bus in Newcastle.
Just finished the GOP press conference for the bus tour. We kick off the tour tonight at Laramie County GOP HQ with a BBQ at 6pm!
Preparing for the debate in Torrington tonight. Starts at 6pm at the EWC Fine Arts auditorium. Thanks Goshen County GOP for sponsoring!
At Wyoming Taxpayers this morning at Little America in Cheyenne. Early voting is still going on so be sure to get your ballot & vote early!
See our new radio and TV commericals on the website! We also have some new photos up there as well. http://www.meadforgovernor.com/media
I will be in Jackson for the Rotary candidate forum today at noon at Snow King Resort. Hope to see you there if you are in the area.
Very pleased the Wyoming Tribune Eagle endorsed me for Governor for the Primary Election. Read the endorsement here http://bit.ly/drIMXI
In Gillette today and will be in Laramie tomorrow for the #Wyoming Homecoming. Looking forward to the parade and the game. Go Pokes!
Listen to the Wyoming Public Radio debate from last night at noon today on WPR. Click here to listen: http://bit.ly/aPIxFX
The Interior Dept has lifted the offshore drilling ban but the energy industry is still facing delays obtaining APDs. http://bit.ly/cd5vCd
I will be in Laramie tonight for the WY Public Radio debate. I am looking forward to discussing my specific plans for Wyoming's future.
I will be on Speak Your Piece today at 9:30am in Cody. Tune into KODI 1400AM or listen live here: http://bit.ly/9HQSFF
We had a great time at Wyoming Whiskey last night. Creating a business-friendly environment is one of my top priorities.
Back in Cheyenne today. I will be on KGWN Channel 5 for a live TV interview tonight at 5:30pm. Be sure to tune in!
I am so pleased Wyoming people are responding to my goal of always putting Wyoming first. http://bit.ly/b9vL4l
29 days until the election. Pick up to your ballot now at the county clerk's office or call for an absentee ballot. http://bit.ly/cIlIex
Spending the day in Niobrara County today. I hope to stop by the Homecoming Parade and pep rally today.
On the way back to Cheyenne after a good day in Goshen County. Will be in Lusk tomorrow.
I will be on KREM/KGOS in Torrington this morning with Lynn. 1490AM if you are in the area or listen here http://kgoskerm.com/listen-now
See the @RNC Fire Pelosi Bus today in Cheyenne from 6:30 to 7:30 p.m. at the Laramie County GOP Headquarters at 419 W. 17th Street
Woke up early today for a tv interview on KCWY 13. Now heading breakfast at Eggington's in Casper. Ready for another busy day.
Getting ready for a big push before November 2nd. I will continue to talk about the issues facing Wyoming and always put Wyoming First.
Visting with the WY Tribune Eagle editorial board this morning and heading up to Casper tomorrow for the Casper Re-Entry Center graduation.
I am pleased to have the endorsement of @ABCWyoming. For more info on those who have endorsed my run for governor, see http://bit.ly/bfvY22
Early voting starts today! Find your county clerk's office by clicking here. http://bit.ly/cIlIex
In @Wyobizcouncil meetings today but having a meet and greet tonight in Rock Springs at the Homewood Suites. Stop by from 6-8pm and visit.
Congrats to Sen. John Barrasso, the new Vice Chair of the GOP Conference Cmte. Thank you for all your work on behlf of Wyoming.
I will be on Public Pulse Radio Show in Sheridan at 9:00am this morning. Tune in to 930AM to hear why I am the conservative candidate for WY
Congrats and best wishes to those veterans and helpers heading out on the Honor Flight today. Thanks for your service to keep America free.
Making my way south from Pinedale to Laramie today. Long drive ahead but looking forward to the UW-Boise State game Saturday. Go Pokes!
Headed to the Natural Gas Fair tonight in Jackson. WY has great potential to pair natural gas & wind to further augment our energy portfolio
If you are in the Jackson area, be sure to stop by our reception tonight at 1200 Spring Gulch Road from 6:00-7:30.
Pleased to see Wyoming trona production is looking up. I fully promote WY mineral extraction and industries. http://bit.ly/9TTlgH
At the WY Peace Officers Association meeting today in Cody. So honored to be with these community heros who protect us everyday.
I will be on K2 TV tonight at 5pm. Be sure to tune in!
On the road to Casper today for the reception tonight at the Petroleum Club at 6pm. Hope to see you there!
Off to Douglas tonight for the Wool Growers dinner and Ram Sale. In Casper on Tuesday for our reception on Tues at the Petroleum Club at 6pm
Concerned that the EPA is going to use fracking to further regulate WY. We must protect our rights & economic future. http://bit.ly/bwytvW
Off to the Wyoming Credit Union Assc. Political Affairs forum in Laramie. Very glad to see the WY financial industry is strong and involved.
At a meeting today to discuss improving air service in WY. Tourism is the 2nd biggest industry & we should foster it to improve the economy.
My prayers are with the #Wyoming football team and the University of Wyoming during this challenging time.
Heading to Jackson tomorrow for my 30th high school class reunion. I will be in Evanston for the Labor Day parade on Monday.
Disappointed the magistrate ruled against state's rights but we will continue to defend our 10th amendment rights. http://bit.ly/bD7Sag
Keep up the fight @cloud4auditor! I look forward to serving with you.
After meetings in Casper, headed to Cheyenne tonight. Looking forward to the #Wyoming opener on Saturday! Be sure to stop by our tailgate!
Heading to the Gillette today and the Campbell County Repub. Women meeting at the Clarion at 5:30. @cynthialummis is the guest speaker.
Heading to the Gillette today and the Campbell County Repub. Women meeting at the Clarion at 5:30. @lummisforwyoming is the guest speaker.
More meetings this morning but looking forward to the @wygop pool party tonight in Casper and WYSGA land trust bbq tomorrow in Cheyenne.
We are back on the trail. Have a few meetings in Cheyenne today then heading to Casper. Looking forward to talking with many more WY voters.
Had a great breakfast with other Republicans this morning at the unity breakfast. We are strong and dedicated to winning in Nov.
Spending the day with my family & doing a few interviews. I can't say it enough, thank you all those that voted for our vision for Wyoming.
Thank you Wyoming! I am humbled by the wonderful support and looking forward to the push for November.
watching the results coming in and feeling good. The mood here is good and we are excited!
First precincts are in!
Just one more hour to get your vote in. Thanks to those that voted for me today. It is a great honor to run for Governor in Wyoming.
Polls are open for another 3 hours. Have you voted? If you are still undecided, see my website at www.meadforgovernor.com/issues.
Just left the corner of Converse and Dell Range in Cheyenne. Our sign wavers are the best around! So much support out there. Thank you.
It is Election Day! Please vote! WY needs a leader with a vision. I deeply appreciate the wonderful support. Go Wyoming! Go Mead!
We are now on our way to Douglas to stop at the State Fair and then back to Cheyenne for the night. We are voting tomorrow morning.
Carol & I are on a final push around the state to encourage people to vote for a positive vision of Wyoming's future and vote for Matt Mead!
If you don't know your polling place, you can look it up here. http://bit.ly/1cWwUK I would be honored to have your vote on Tuesday.
The Repub Gov debate will be broadcast again tonight at 8pm on Wyoming PBS. You can watch it here as well.  http://bit.ly/cvKGvt
I will be on Cheyenne Today radio show on KFBC 1240AM today at noon. I will be talking about my vision for Wyoming's future.
Spending the day in southwestern Wyoming. We are visiting as many communities as possible. I would be honored to have your vote on Tuesday.
I have posted my full position on highway funding on my website. I encourage you to read it and disregard any rumors. http://bit.ly/aUcpJJ
Headed to the western part of the state tonight.
Great interview with Dave Chaffiin today on KGAB in Cheyenne. Honored that so many people want to know more about my vision before Aug 17th.
On our way back to Cheyenne. I will be on KGAB 650AM Morning Zone show tomorrow at 9:00am. Also, I will be on KFBC 1240AM Friday at noon.
Great breakfast in Casper with the B&G Club. The primary is just 7 days away. I would be honored to have your vote on the 17th.
Be sure to tune in to WY PBS tonight at 7pm for the live debate or watch it online at the Cowboy State Free Press website
In Riverton today for a few meetings and then the live televised debate tonight at 7pm. Be sure to tune in to Wyoming PBS or WY Public radio
Please tune in to PBS tomorrow at 7pm for the live Repub. Gov. debate. I will be sharing my goals for Wyoming and talking about the issues.
Had a great time at the Johnson County fair parade! Thanks for the great support, Johnson County.
In Sheridan today and Buffalo tomorrow. If you don't know where I stand on the issues, visit www.meadforgovernor.com. Primary is Aug. 17th
At the Candidate debate in Torrington. Should be another great chance to talk to more people about my vision for WY. www.meadforgovernor.com
WY is 3rd most business-friendly state. I will continue our business-friendly tax structure and keep taxes low on WY ppl http://bit.ly/tbLEH
Thanks to the great folks in Lusk for coming out to the Farm Bureau forum tonight. I am always glad when we talk about the real issues in WY
Early voting is happening now! Stop by the county clerk's office and cast your ballot for Matt Mead for Governor. Thanks for all the support
Had a great time at the forum last night. It is airing live today on WY Public Radio at noon. I am heading to Wheatland and Lusk today.
Thanks for reading everyone!!
Simpson: has addressed all the issues tonight and has experience in wy
Mead; proud of us atty and small busi. Experience. Has vision for wy
Micheli: has legislative exec and private experience. Is the conservative cand.
Now for 30 second closing statements. Meyer: 2 wks left and consider experience
