Attended a great press conference today talking about reforms to lawsuit abuses. Press release and video:  http://bit.ly/dR0vlN
Read all about my introduction of legislation to reform our state's regulatory process.  http://cssrc.us/web/18/news.aspx?id=10364
In case you missed my op-ed in today's Bak Cal  Talk of Reg reform is welcome, let's hope real action follows. http://bit.ly/hVNDuL
Proud to have been the first Republican in a while to run the Senate Floor session. Some history from Greg Lucas: http://bit.ly/eDUmNN
Was honored to join the Governor this morning in Tujunga at his signing ceremony for the water bill. #TCOT
I'm with Congressman Devin Nunes and Assemblyman Danny Gilmore on the Sean Hannity Show at 6pm to highlight CA's water crisis. #TCOT
Happy Birthday to my Legislative Director, Todd Roberson!
On my way to ABC 23 and KGET 17 to speak about AB 882, my Highway Memorial Signs bill. #TCOT
My Assembly Bill 1253 is set to be heard in the Senate Natural Resources & Water Committee today. #TCOT
Just finished a radio interview on water with Inga Barks on KERN 1180. #TCOT
I was appointed by Asm Repub Leader Blakeslee this week as Leader of the Republican Water Policy Team. I look forward to the work! #TCOT
My Striped Bass bill (AB 1253) passed out of the Assembly this week, with only three "no" votes. #TCOT
At the Kern County Friends of the NRA Dinner to deliver the Invocation! #TCOT
Spoke to Bako Chamber's GRC and interviewed with KERO 23 about Ballot Props and budget mess this morning. Good to be back in District! #TCOT
Currently in Republican Caucus discussing potential budget deficit for 2008-2009 and 2009-2010. #TCOT
Addressed water questions from Cal Federated Republican Women including water working groups, committees, and water tours. #TCOT
Had a great meeting last night to discuss Delta Vision Plan and finance with Republican Caucus and bipartisan working group. #TCOT
Headed to the 10th Anniversary Celebration and Day to Honor our WWII Veterans at The Greens. #TCOT
On the Assembly Floor for Floor Session, where my bills AB 306 and AB 403 are being heard. #TCOT
Preparing to introduce my bill, AB 604 on Cotton Board Reform, to Assembly Agriculture Committee today. #TCOT
My bill on striped bass, AB 1253, has passed through committee as amended.  It will now go to the Assembly Appropriations Committee.
Introducing AB 1253 to the Assembly Water, Parks, and Wildlife Committee this morning, hoping to draw attention to water crisis.
On the Assembly Floor for Holocaust Remembrance Day honoring Holocaust Survivors and WWII Vets that helped to liberate Concentration Camps.
Tune into KNZR 1560 at 2pm for my interview with Jaz McKay about Prop 1A. #TCOT
Republican Water Working Group will be meeting with one of the Gov’s top water advisers at 2pm about the water crisis. #TCOT
Getting ready to present AB 1295 in Committee today. AB 1295 would pave the way for more trained nurses in California. #TCOT
Wrapping up a day in Sacramento. Floor session this morning and now hearing bills in the Utilities and Commerce Committee hearing.
Just finished water meetings for the day. Headed back to Bakersfield.
Hosting a public forum on the water crisis at Indian Wells Valley Water District in Ridgecrest with Dept of Water Resources #TCOT
@Joker2U Thanks for the suggestion. I will certainly look into that!
Hosting another forum in Lake Isabella with Dept of Water Resources to discuss the water crisis with constituents.  #TCOT
Hosting a public forum with Dept of Fish and Game in Lake Isabella on the fish stocking in the surronding areas #TCOT
Headed out to Chair the Republican Water Working Group meeting. We will continue to strategize for a possible water deal. #TCOT
Just finished hearing legislation in Assembly Water Committee, where I am Vice Chair. Will update Repub Caucus at lunch on water status.
Spent last night attending the Bipartisan Delta Plan Work Group to discuss water supply and Delta ecosystem restoration issues. #TCOT
Great day for water yesterday! Met with Governor Schwarzenegger and fellow Republicans to discuss water supply in California. #TCOT
With Assemblymember Connie Conway at a Water Meeting hosted by Congressman Devin Nunes in Tulare. #TCOT
On my way to Tulare County Lincoln Day Dinner with Assemblymember Connie Conway. #TCOT
On the Assembly Floor discussing the use of Federal Stimulus dollars...
Heading to a Republican Water Working Group Meeting, where I will give an update as Chair of the working group. #TCOT
Delivering informal briefing as Chair of the Republican Water Working Group on working group activities to the Assembly Republican Caucus.
Planning on hearing the Delta Vision Implementation update from the Secretary of the Natural Resources Agency, Mike Chrisman.
Hearing bills in the Water, Parks, and Wildlife Committee during this morning. I am proud to be serving as Vice Chair of this Committee.
Finished a day of water mtgs in Bakersfield, Kerman, and Visalia. Collected some great testimony from citizens who need a water bond! #TCOT
On my way to Kerman for another water meeting with Valley residents, Assemblyman Arambula's staff, and DWR Representatives. #TCOT
Hosting the Forum on California's Water Crisis in Bakersfield with Supervisor Watson and other officials from Dept of Water Resources #TCOT
Putting final touches on plans for Friday's water tour. See my website for more information - http://republican.assembly.ca.gov/member/32/
Joining with Assemblyman Huffman and others for a panel discussion with Association of CA Water Agencies on the water crisis in Cali. #TCOT
Is ready for more talk on water after a successful meeting with the Metropolitan Water District's Board of Directors - www.mwdh20.com
Is attending the "Informational Hearing on Federal Economic Stimulus & California Recovery" sponsored by the Water, Parks, and Wildlife Cmte
Is honoring Bonnie Shea today in the State Capitol as Woman of the Year for the 32nd Assembly District! #TCOT
Is honoring Bonnie Shea in the State Capitol today as the Woman of the Year for the 32nd Assembly District! #TCOT
Is preparing for my Water Tour that is scheduled for next Friday. See my website for more details. #TCOT
About to speak to the Bakersfield Kiwanis Club at the Petroleum Club.
At Harris Ranch in Coalinga at the San Joaquin Valley Partnership Dinner, meeting with officials from all over the valley.
Currently sitting in a Water Working Group Meeting with fellow Members of the Legislature. #TCOT
En route to National Cement Company's Lebec Plant for an on site tour and briefing of everyday operations.
Is preparing for the latest taping of "Capitol Commentary with Assemblymember Fuller" on the water crisis in California. #TCOT
Introduced AB 1253, which would remove gaming restrictions on stripped bass in California.  See my website for more information. #TCOT
En route to the State Capitol from Bakersfield for Assembly Floor Session at 12:00pm.
At the 2009 Kern County Lincoln Day Dinner, listening to Congressman Paul Ryan. Over 400 local Republicans in attendance here! #TCOT
Just finished a good interview with KERO 23.
Speaking with Steven Mayer at The Bakersfield Californian. Look for the article in tomorrow's paper. #TCOT
Interviewing with KGET 17 News to discuss the budget. Tune into the News at 5 to see the interview. #TCOT
Tune into the KNZR 1560 for my interview with Jaz McKay right now. #TCOT
Will be on the Jaz McKay Show, KNZR 1560, at 2:05pm today to talk about the budget. #TCOT
Both the Assembly and Senate pass the 2009-2010 Budget Bill, even with my "no" vote against tax increases. #TCOT
Still waiting for the Senate to reconvene.
Senate set to recess until 1:30am.
Meeting with Assembly Republican Leadership team now...#TCOT
Assembly Republicans set to Caucus at 12:15am. I'm gearing up for yet another long night. #TCOT
Senate and Assembly have been called back into Session as of 11pm. The Senate and Assembly Dems are now in Caucus. #TCOT
Session delayed once again, now we're looking at 11:00pm.
Assembly Session delayed again, meeting at 10:00pm tonight. #TCOT
Assembly Session has been called for 9:00pm tonight. #TCOT
California State Senate set to reconvene for Session at 5:00pm. #TCOT
Senator Steinberg announces they will call for a vote on the Senate floor every hour, until something is done. #TCOT
New GOP Senate Leader, Senator Hollingsworth, says he doesn't want tax increases and would like reopen budget negotiations. #TCOT
The latest: We're currently in Caucus meetings. Assembly has recessed, but remains on call. Senate has recessed until 1:00pm
Getting ready for Assembly Republican Caucus meeting set for 10:30am, then on to Floor Session.
Senator Hollingsworth is new leader of the Senate GOP and Assembly Floor Session is schedule for 11:00am today.
Check out the latest budget update on my website: http://republican.assembly.ca.gov/member/32/, under Press Releases.
Looking to save more of your hard earned taxpayer dollars by introducing AB 306 today.
Assembly has been recessed for the remainder of the day.  Waiting for the Senate to act, then Assembly Speaker Bass will call Session.
@KiyoshiTomono nothing new as of now. Stay tuned for more updates as I get them. Thanks for checking!
Waiting for Session to resume at 4:00pm and watching the Senate debate the latest tax increase bill.
About to talk to Jaz McKay on KNZR 1560 for a budget update.
