Tune into CNN Anderson Cooper tonight @ 10pm for my latest interview on Libya
I’m pleased to announce that I’ve joined @apcoworldwide’s #GPS. Learn more here: http://ow.ly/41YFL
Catch me on the CBS Early Show tomorrow morning.
Checkout CNN with Piers Morgan for my latest interview on Egypt
Tune into MSNBC @ 11:15am ET/9:15am MT for my interview & the latest on Egypt
Tune in to MSNBC at 11:00am MT for my interview with Andrea Mitchell.
Tune into the CBS Early Show at 7:00am ET & MT for my latest on the SB 1070 ruling.
The Governor will be on CBS Face the Nation this Sunday morning. Tune in
Tune into MSNBC's Keith Olbermann tonight for my latest interview on the Border Governors Conference. 8-9pm ET
Tune into MSNBC at 6pm ET and Telemundo at 630pm ET for my latest interview on immigration reform & the Border Governors Conference
Tune into MSNBC at 11:00am MT to see my latest interview on immigration reform.
Governor's Job Fair TUESDAY from 10am-3pm at Expo NM in Albuquerque. More than 2500 jobs! 70+ employers on site!
Making a second round of film program announcements today in Silver City, Gallup & Farmington.
Making film announcements in Roswell, Carlsbad and Las Vegas today.
Speaking at the dedication of UNM's Cancer Center
Participating in the ribbon cutting at LES in Eunice - then making a major jobs announcement in Roswell.
Will be on CNN American Morning at 830am ET today to discuss North Korea
Speaking at the National Climate Adaptation Summit in DC on Wednesday
Tune into my interview on FOX's morning show - Fox & Friends - Thursday morning at 7:00am ET
Check this out - CNN piece on New Mexico's film industry http://www.cnn.com/video/#/video/us/2010/05/18/foreman.bua.film.industry.cnn
Great piece on CNN about recruiting clean energy companies to NM http://www.cnn.com/SPECIALS/2010/building.up.america/
RT:via CNNExpress: Tom is interviewing Gov Bill Richardson. http://yfrog.com/6lkbvj
Promoting two Northern New Mexico clean energy projects today in Questa & Taos
Santa Fe office hours will be held on Friday at the Governor's Office from 2-5pm
Office Hours will be held from 2-5pm at CNM Workforce Training Center (5600 Eagle Rock) in Albuquerque on WED.  Signup will begin at 12.
Governor Richardson will hold open Office Hours on Wednesday in Albuquerque & on Friday in Santa Fe. Office hours will run from 2pm to 5pm.
Getting ready to do Meet the Press
Checkout the PSA that I recently shot for the Census 2010. Special thanks to the local IATSE 480!  http://vimeo.com/11308510
Tune into CNN's Larry King at 7:30pm MT for my latest interview on the AZ immigration law.
I’m taking the pledge and so are my cabinet secretaries. Make your car a No Phone Zone. Take the pledge today! http://bit.ly/5lYRPb #NPZ
I've proclaimed April 30th "No Phone Zone Day" in NM. Today I signed @TheOprahShow No Phone Pledge and I'm challenging others to as well.
Thousands of New Mexicans have already taken advantage of our the NM Appliance Rebate Program.  For more info: www.CleanEnergyNM.org
Announced a great energy efficient appliance rebate for New Mexicans today. Kicks off on Thursday.
Speaking at the 2010 Governors Tourism Conference at Buffalo Thunder
Governor Bill Richardson to Address White House Conference on America’s Great Outdoors this afternoon
Taking part in the 2nd Annual State-Tribal Leaders Summit
Touring the NM/AZ Mexico border this afternoon.
Making a major economic development announcement this morning in Rio Rancho
Going to Gallup today to sign 4 Indian related bills. First a stop in Window Rock to meet with Navajo Nation Speaker Lawrence Morgan
Going to Las Cruces today to sign 4 bills from the 2010 Legislative Session
Tune into Larry King Live
Check out my blog today in the Huffington Post regarding Commercial Spaceflight
Check out the "Valentine Disaster" on my blog page at www.governor.state.nm.us/blog2010.php
Governor Richardson has declared 5 counties disasters after recent snow storms in northwestern New Mexico.
Flags will be lowered on Tues & Wed in NM in honor of Army PFC Zachary Lovejoy who was killed in the line of duty in Afghanistan last week.
Speaking to the New Mexico School Board Association this morning
The Coen brothers are coming back to New Mexico to film another movie. www.governor.state.nm.us
I will miss Charlie Wilson's cackling laugh and daredevil way of life. We lost a true original today.
Charlie Wilson was a true patriot, a colorful character and a superb Congressman. He was a loyal human being who never forgot his friends.
Checkout my blog for accurate facts about EXEMPT employees. www.governor.state.nm.us/blog2010.php
To see a constructive critique of the Albuquerque Journal, check out the Journal Watch blog at http://www.clearlynewmexico.com/journalwatch/
Just posted a new blog: www.governor.state.nm.us/blog2010.php
Open office hours TOMORROW from 11am to 2pm at the CNM Workforce Training Center in Albuquerque. (5600 Eagle Rock NE)
Governor Richardson will lower state flags from Tues., Feb. 2 through sundown on Wed., Feb. 3 in honor of former State Rep. Eric Youngberg
Open office hours today at the Governor's Office from 1130am-3pm. 4th floor of the State Capital
There will also be office hours on Tues, Feb. 2 from 11am to 2 pm in Albuquerque at the CNM Workforce Training Center on Legislative issues
Open Office Hours with the Governor on Friday, January 29th in the Governor's Office in Santa Fe from 11:30am-3pm.
Just announced C/D is bringing 40 new jobs to the Gallup area
Speaking at the Annual Governor's Prayer Breakfast this morning.
Speaking to the New Mexico Association of Counties this morning about the 2010 Legislative Session
Strike last tweet. We have laughs.
Testing out some last minute jokes for the State of the State on my staff. Something must be wrong with them--no one's laughing.
Getting ready for my State of the State Address. Watch it live on my website, http://www.governor.state.nm.us
Watch Governor Richardson's 2010 State of the State Address! Click here: http://www.knme.org/newmexicoinfocus/
Just spoke at the Greater Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce luncheon with local business leaders about the upcoming Legislative session
Announced 150 jobs for southern New Mexico today. Johnson Tower & Plate will be expanding in Santa Teresa.
Today I announced a new Centennial initiative - We Serve/New Mexico.  To find out more go to: www.nmcentennial.org
Lighting the State Christmas Tree tonight at 5pm at the Capitol.
Cutting the ribbon on the new HP Contact Center in Rio Rancho today.  HP hopes to employ 1300.
Speaking at the Hispanic Education Summit this morning
Stopping by 107.9's Thanksgiving on the Mayflower food drive tmrw at 9am to highlight need for donations for New Mexico's less fortunate.
Attending funeral for one of New Mexico's greatest, former Governor Bruce  King
Ill be on CNN American Morning tomorrow - 6am - to discuss President Obama's trip to S Korea
I have posted a new blog entry at www.governor.state.nm.us/blog2009.php
Cut the ribbon on the final phase of I-40's reconstruction today at San Mateo interchange. 20 yrs of reconstruction & 33 projects total.
just broke ground on new substance abuse treatment and training center in Los Lunas.
Wednesday - Governor Breaks Ground on Los Lunas Substance Abuse Treatment & Training Facility & Cuts Ribbon on I-40@San Mateo Reconstruction
Flags are lowered through Monday, Nov. 23 in honor of former New Mexico Governor Bruce King.
Tune into CNN Tonight at 5:30pm MT for my live interview on Spaceport America and the future of the space industry
"Governor Outlines Draft Furlough Plan" - checkout my blog at www.governor.state.nm.us/blog2009.php
Check out my updated blog post regarding my new Balancing Budget Task Force. http://www.governor.state.nm.us/blog2009.php
The Governor signed HB 3 today - www.governor.state.nm.us
http://bit.ly/2tk78Q
Flags are lowered in NM through the weekend in honor of US Army Specialist Joseph Gallegos who passed away while serving in Iraq
The Governor has lowered flags Saturday 11/7 through sundown on Monday 11/9 in honor of frmr State Supreme Court Justice Gene Franchini.
Governor Bill Richardson will host a Native American Education Summit on Monday at the Isleta Resort and Casino.
Tune into KNME's "New Mexico In Focus" on Friday night for my interview on the budget bills.  The show airs at 7pm.
Open office hours in Las Cruces & Albuquerque tomorrow to discuss the budget bills.  Meetings are on a first come, first served basis.
http://bit.ly/c1jWX
http://bit.ly/c1jWX
ALBUQUERQUE OFFICE HOURS on the budget bills - Wednesday from 2pm to 4pm at CNM Workforce Training in Albuquerque. Sign-up begins at 1pm.
Las Cruces Office Hours - WEDNESDAY from 10:00am-12:00pm at the Farm & Ranch Museum in Las Cruces.  SIGN-UP BEGINS AT 9am on Wednesday
I will hold more open office hours to discuss the budget bills on Wednesday in Las Cruces & Albuquerque.
I may take action on legislation today....
Announcing a new prescription discount program today at 1:45pm.
Is at Badlands Burgers in Grants - winner of the Governor's green chile cheeseburger challenge
Speaking in Los Alamos on Day of Remembrance to honor nuclear weapons workers
Governor Richardson will travel to Los Alamos & Grants on Fri to attend 2ceremonies to honor uranium miners and nuclear workers
Governor Bill Richardson and First Lady Barbara Richardson to Highlight New Domestic and Sexual Violence Initiative TODAY at 12:15pm
Checkout my latest blog posting at www.governor.state.nm.us/blog2009.php
