It was great seeing everyone at Planned Parenthood in New Haven. Now I'm headed to a phone bank in Manchester and a rally in Bloomfield....
Busy day today. Kicking off a canvass in Manchester, welcoming home our troops in Hartford, then a post-canvass rally in Hartford. This...
Check out my new ad and sign up to join our Get Out the Vote team at http://danmalloy.com/blogs/team-malloy/we-need-a-fighter.
It's great to see all of my friends tonight at the Bridgeport DTC fundraiser.
Thank you to the Jewish Home for the Elderly in Fairfield for this morning's tour. Now, I'm meeting with faculty and students at the...
Rooting for Dan at the Garde Theater Debate in New London. What great energy at the rally outside!
I had a very informative meeting this morning at the Wheeler Clinic. Now, Dan and I are having a conversation about early childhood...
In Marlborough having breakfast with small business owners. Then I'm headed to the Mid-State Medical Center for a tour and Brad Davis'...
Marched in the Hartford and Greater New Haven Columbus Day parades. Now I'm off to the Son's of Italy Festa Del Vino in Waterford and the...
Kicking off canvasses in Meriden, Hartford and Willimantic. Then headed to Norwich for a meet and greet and the Portland Agricultural...
I had a very informative meeting this morning with the Workforce Development Board. Thank you for your input and for your efforts to put...
Dan did a great job at this morning's Connecticut Council of Municipalities forum and at the FOX 61/Courant debate last night. Join us...
Speaking at the New Milford Rotary Club's lunch. Then I'm headed back to Hartford for Dan's debate tonight. Join us at 5:30pm in front of...
Touring Windham Hospital and then headed to the Cheshire DTC Oktoberfest.
Visiting small businesses in Waterbury and Wolcott and then headed to Family Services of Greater Waterbury.
Started the day with a rally and door knocking in New Haven then the Bethany Harvest Festival. Now I'm in Bridgeport talking with the...
I was very impressed by Hartford's Community Health Center during my tour this afternoon. Community health centers play a vital role in...
Joining Dan at the Alliance for Culture and Tourism forum in Hartford.
I'm proud to be receiving the endorsement of Connecticut's Hispanic Democratic Caucus with Dan today in New Haven.
Next stop: CT Asian Pacific American Democratic Caucus Inaugural then to the Monroe DTC Meet and Greet.
On my way to the Celebrate Tolland Festival and then to the Rockville Rocks Festival. It's great to be in my home town.
Kicking off a canvass at AFSCME HQ in New Britain and then headed to the New Britain DTC HQ opening.
On my way to Norwich to visit small businesses and talk with business owners about creating jobs.
Excited to announce our public safety plan at the Frog Hollow police substation in Hartford.
A great afternoon touring several small businesses along Main Street Middletown on this last day of summer. Now off to the Chabad East of...
It's a beautiful day for a boat ride. Dan and I are continuing our port policy tour in New London.
With Dan and Mayor John Destefano in New Haven outlining our plan to improve Connecticut's ports and grow jobs around them.
I'm proud to be receiving the endorsements of the Connecticut State Police Union and the Working Families Party today with Dan.
At UCONN's Cell and Genome Sciences center in Farmington with Dan talking about our plans to help build jobs in CT's bioscience industry.
I'm honored that Dan and I received the endorsement of the International Association of Firefighters today.
Marching in the Mansfield parade and enjoying the festival on the green. Off to the Bolton DTC picnic next.
Headed south to Litchfield for their DTC picnic and then to the Bethlehem Fair. See you there!
A beautiful drive on a beautiful day to Norfolk for their DTC pig roast.
Looking forwards to the meet and greet this afternoon at the Hebron Senior Center.
Great questions and discussion with UCONN students this afternoon. Now we're finishing the day off at the Woodstock Fair.
Cheering for Dan while he throws the first pitch at the McCourt Benefit Softball game in Waterford.
Off to Farmington Antiques Market, Oktoberfest in New Milford, Goshen Fair, the Taste of Litchfield and Rep. Conroy's HQ opening in Seymour.
In New Haven thanking all of our great friends and supporters.
Off to Bridgeport for VASE Construction's reception then to the Manchester Peach Festival to enjoy the beautiful weather.
Headed to the Durham Democrats' BBQ kickoff and then off to the Police Commissioners Association of CT Clambake.
Visiting VITAS Innovative Hospice Care in Glastonbury.
Headed to New Britain Black Democratic Club Soul Fest, Wolcott Fair, Hamburg Fair and the Lyme DTC Annual Picnic. See you on the road!
Visiting Hartford Hospital's Women's Ambulatory Health Services in Hartford then off to Torrington and Waterbury.
Visited the Pearl Harbor Memorial (Q) Bridge and the CT Science Center today. Great talks about infrastructure and bringing people in to CT.
Thank you to everyone who helped make this victory possible! I look forward to working with you all to elect Dan Malloy as our next...
On our way to Dan's childhood home in Stamford for a big meet and greet. You can really feel the momentum building out there behind our...
Talking with voters at the Uconn Health Center in Farmington.
Great start to our day meeting hard working employees at Electric Boat and Mohegan Sun. 21 hours, get out the vote!
A great day on the road. Can't wait for Tuesday. Make sure you get out and vote for Dan and Me!
