@cmarinucci Sun-Tzu would not be able to operate under the inflexible two-thirds rule.
Very concerned that grounded CA Air Natl Guard pilots under criminal investigation were elevated to command positions. http://bit.ly/h8c7pk.
Libyan people requested & Arab League just endorsed a no fly zone. Is it in US interests to stand idly while #Khadafi slaughters civilians?
Congratulations to Tree Musketeers who helped plant over 140 trees in El Segundo today.  Reducing global warming, 140 trees at a time.
@steve4jerry Big congratulations to Steve Glazer for receiving Campaign Strategist of Year Award from the Am Assoc of Political Consultants.
At LACOE's Gain Division (funded by CalWorks), which runs a terrific welfare to work program.  This is why we need CalWorks.
As a US Citizen and a veteran, I am ashamed our Congress is holding hearings targeting Americans based on their religion.
Based on #census data, my Senate District 28 will need to expand by over 50,000 people in the next redistricting!
Voting to confirm John Laird as Secretary of Natural Resources is one of the happiest votes I've ever made.
RT @ShaneGoldmacher: Sen. Ted Lieu (D) joins Leland Yee (D) in opposing the confirmation of David Crane to the UC Regents for his Chron  ...
Honored to speak at ILWU Local 13 meeting. ILWU is a cornerstone of S. Cal. economy. Very excited to be proud wearer of new ILWU jacket.
@CapitolAlert Deeply concerned Crane perpetuates myth that collective bargaining caused state econ crisis. It was Wall St, not teachers.
@DavidOAtkins @ThePlumLineGS The public understands our recession was not caused by unions, but by overreaching by Wall Street.
Honored to be appointed to the CA Senate Appropriations Committee, as well as Veterans, Insurance, and Elections Committees!
@LATPoliticsCA I hope all candidates for Harman's seat commit to keeping LA Air Force Base, and its jobs, in Congressional District 36.
@katiemerrill Collective Bargaining did not cause crisis. It was Collateralized Debt Obligations that brought American economy to its knees.
Note to Westboro Church: The ultimate protector of the First Amendment is the US military and those that gave their lives for our country.
@heysanjay If you are in town, come to my Swearing In Ceremony this Saturday at 3 pm at CSU Dominguez Hills.  RSVP to 310 328 1028.
I hope my Swearing In location can be expanded b/c RSVPs have skyrocketed. Feel free to compound this problem by RSVPing to www.TedLieu.com.
@CapitolAlert Note to Mr. Crane: collective bargaining did not cause economic crisis. Lack of healthy tension on Wall Street caused crisis.
Best wishes to my friend Jane Harman, who retired. She is significant reason LA Air Force Base remains in CD36, generating 65,000 good jobs.
My son asked me if Lara Croft Tomb Raider was going to win an Oscar.  I don't want to burst his bubble.
@johnhopebryant Thank you! If you are in town, come to my District Swearing In on Sat, Mar 5, at 3 pm at CSU Dominguez Hills (Loker Union).
Watching my seven-year old and his team play basketball.  Well, no one is LeBron James, but at least they show gratitude and have class.
@KeithPR Boba milk tea.
@FlashReport We can make cuts without eliminating collective bargaining. Labor is one of the few institutions that represents middle class.
Honored to speak at S. County Labor Breakfast.  Not only did workers not cause this economic crisis, they are a vital part of the solution.
At goodbye celebration for Jane Harman. America is safer because of her service. Look forward to her service on world stage at Wilson Ctr.
Join me and my family at my District Swearing In Ceremony on Saturday, Mar 5, at 3 pm at CSU Dominguez Hills.  RSVP at www.TedLieu.com.
Honored to be appointed CA Senate Chair of Labor and Industrial Relations during this seminal time in our nation's & state's history.
Senate Bill 2x just passed State Senate!  Will mandate renewable energy of 33% by 2020.  Bipartisan vote!
Kudos to Experian for adding rental payment histories to credit reports. This will help non-homeowners build up their credit score.
Tomorrow I will vote YES on SB 2X, which increases renewable energy in CA.  It mandates 33% renewables by 2020. Clean energy is our future.
@CNReporter More than happy to discuss my bills with any interested parties. Testify in hearing or send my office information. 916 651 4028.
@Dems4Peace happy to discuss my bill SB 661. Democracy works best when all sides are heard and I welcome comments and suggestions.
@WalterViceChair Bring on the recall!  Let's see if the voters agree with me that people shouldn't bring guns into school classrooms.
@jlbourne Constitution does not say you have right to open carry firearms onto planes.  Nor do you have right to open carry guns to school.
@BayArea_OC open carry folks want to repeal the law prohibiting guns in schools. I want to further strengthen the law by closing loopholes.
@BayArea_OC my school gun control bill will be set for hearing in Sacramento soon. I look forward to hearing from folks who want to testify.
My prayers go to the families of my constituents, Jean and Scott Adam of Marina Del Rey, who were killed by Somali pirates today.
@Schwarzenegger LeBron James has a lot of making up to do for the arrogant, ungrateful, and unprofessional manner in how he left Cleveland.
@BayArea_OC my bill shuts down the loophole where anyone can bring a gun to a school classroom if it is in a locked container. Read my bill.
@BayArea_OC open carry folks are attacking my bill, SB 661, which expands school gun control laws. Support my bill by sending me a tweet.
@BayArea_OC I was responding to open carry folks in south bay who wanted to repeal the school gun control laws. My bill expands the law.
@BayArea_OC next time read my bill. It both expands gun free school zone to 1500 ft AND makes it more difficult to bring guns into school.
@southbayoc the law in California is that you cannot bring guns to school.  Apparently some extremists believe that law should be repealed.
Finished reading Taleb's book Black Swan (nothing to do with the movie).  Amazing book.  It has altered my thinking.
Let's be clear: workers on fixed salaries did not cause this economic crisis. Our recession was caused by those paid indefensible bonuses.
Humbled to be sworn in as State Senator for the 28th Senate District.  Thank you to all my supporters, constituents, and family.
@steve4jerry my son said he could spare one penny.  He's frugal.
My five-year old found two pennies.  He said he will buy ice cream at the store with them.  He will shortly learn he needs more pennies.
Thanks again to all the volunteers, supporters, & voters for electing me to the State Senate. Special thanks to my wife who lets me do this.
My wife Betty and I just voted!  I hope she voted for me (smile).  For polling place info, call 310 328 1028 or go to www.TedLieu.com.
@jorohaco honored to be endorsed by Equality California, Stonewall Dem Club, and Long Beach Lambda Dem Club. For info call 310 3281028.
@jorohaco my record of standing up for civil rights speaks for itself. No need to spend lots of money on a fancy website.
@MelissaRamoso ok I will work on stopping the rain.
RT @clarklee: Special Elections for State Senate Dists 17 & 28. Polls open till 8 PM. LA voters, find polling place here: http://www.lav ...
RT @clarklee: Get Out The Vote for Ted Lieu for State Senate/SD 28: www.tedlieu.com / Darren Parker for State Senate/SD 17: www.darrenpa ...
@almostaghost thank you for voting for me!  I really appreciate it.  If your friends need polling place info, call 310 3281028.
Election day for Senate: goes from San Pedro to parts of West LA, plus Carson, Wilmington, parts of Long Beach. Call 310 328 1028 for info.
All politics is local. Honored to be endorsed by MB Councilwoman Portia Cohen, RB Councilman Matt Kilroy, and entire Carson City council.
@ARACapitolWatch Did LAO recommend eliminating $2 billion boondoggle to upgrade court computers? Can someone explain why we should fund it?
@LevinsonJessica @kcet thank you for your commentary. Call me at (310) 328-1028 if there are any questions you have that I can answer.  Thx.
Big thanks to the hundreds of volunteers working on my senate race this weekend until tomorrow for election day!  Info at www.TedLieu.com.
Huge thanks to Sen McLeod, Asm Ma, and Asm Eng for walking precincts today! Special election on Feb 15. Go to www.TedLieu.com for info.
@elipmen thank you again Eli for walking for my Senate race! With your help and others, we have a strong chance of winning over 50% on 2/15.
@elipmen thank you for walking precincts for me! Every voter you turn out to vote on Feb 15 gets us closer to victory.
Big thanks to Controller John Chiang, Sen De Leon, Sen Correa, Asm Hayashi, & Asm Furutani for coming to my campaign HQ! Election on 2/15.
Gov Jerry Brown called me frugal.  Coming from him that is a badge of honor.  For more info, go to www.TedLieu.com or call 310 328 1028.
Deeply honored Gov Jerry Brown and Sen Steinberg came to speak at my campaign HQ!  Special election on Feb 15.  Go to www.TedLieu.com.
Geithner wants to shrink fed role in mortgages after allowing banks deemed "too big to fail" to get even bigger.  Recipe for disaster?
At LA Chamber of Commerce, where Gov Brown stated we need not a Dem plan or a Republican plan but a California plan for the budget.
Honored to be endorsed by the entire Carson City Council!  Special Senate election on Feb 15.  Go to www.TedLieu.com for more info.
Honored to be endorsed by SCADA!
Cost overruns to be over $1.5 billion for computer upgrade to CA court system is unacceptable. Tell me why we shouldn't stop project now.
Honored to be endorsed by CA Teachers Assoc. and CA Small Business Assoc! Special Senate election on 2/15. Go to www.TedLieu.com for info.
@mikebonin 110% focused on turning out voters for Senate election on Feb 15 and getting to work on balancing CA's budget & creating CA jobs.
Over 100 people this weekend came to help walk and phone voters for my senate campaign!  Election on Feb 15.  Volunteer at www.TedLieu.com.
About to speak to the CYD executive committee at my campaign HQ!  Thank you to those who came from around the state to volunteer for me!
@danweitzman beware the Cleveland Browns because if we get an offense, a defense, and a quarterback maybe we will break even in five years.
Big precinct walks this weekend for special Senate election on Feb 15.  For more info, go to www.TedLieu.com or call (310) 328-1028.
Recently ate amazing food from Rainbow Acres natural foods!  Tastes great and very healthy.
Honored to be endorsed by Equality California.  Special Senate election in exactly two weeks on Feb 15.  Go to www.TedLieu.com.
@ddayen maybe if he sent Paul Wolfowitz, he would be welcome with roses.
Just finished live telephone town hall with thousands of voters. Answered some really hard questions. Going to be a challenging year.
@NannetteNewz that is really strange. I'm glad you carried it!  Thanks and hope all is well.
@jasonkinney Brown not only sounds post-partisan, he is actually interested in engaging stakeholders. Refreshing difference.
Correction to my previous post, apparently NBC cut away from programming and to Brown speech right before he spoke.
@iyamiyam that's odd because neither the local news nor the menu guide showed the speech. I wonder if NBC showed cut into the speech late?
Not helpful to our democracy when ABC, CBS, and NBC local affiliates in LA fail to carry Brown State of State speech.
At restaurant having salt ice cream.  I've decided that those are two ingredients that just shouldn't be together.
Tunisia and Egypt show the internet and globalization are helping people rise up against non-democratic regimes. That is a good thing.
Honored to be endorsed by Carson Venture Magazine.  Special senate election on Feb 15.  Check out www.TedLieu.com.
@WethePeoplePets most media reports state the uprising started because of lack of jobs and rising food prices, not religious idealogy
Egypt shows that sooner or later, non-democratic regimes will fail.
Terrific speech by LA Times Columnist Michael Hiltzik. Made great point that Social Security is not a drain on budget. It runs a surplus!
Kudos to the Temecula City Council for rejecting unAmerican and unconstitutional arguments, and approving the building of a mosque.
@ddayen goes to show that the free market the last decade rejected Wall Street's version of the free market.
Honored to be endorsed by CLCV and Sierra Club!  Special Senate Election on Feb 15, the day after Valentines Day. Check out www.TedLieu.com.
Free food at my campaign headquarters!  No MSG.  Special senate election on Feb 15.  Go to www.TedLieu.com or call 310 3281028 to volunteer.
