Introduced bill to help gov go after WikiLeaks. They've endangered Americans & seriously hurt our national security http://bit.ly/eWXkXU
To read my views regarding the House passage of the Senate healthcare reform bill, visit my website..http://bit.ly/9WjC5q
Senator Reid’s wife and daughter were in a serious car accident. Please pray for them.
We need long-term job creation for the private sector that won’t hinge on bankrupting America even further. http://bit.ly/cSewzo
Nevada’s economy is still hurting & Congress isn’t realistically addressing job creation.
http://twitpic.com/17snpd - I'm honored stand up for these brave warriors on the mend
So proud of young people like him who sacrifice so much for our freedom.
Just visited a brave young Marine from NV who was injured in Afghanistan by IED.  Even with major wounds his goal is to get back to his unit
Geothermal royalties are returning to their rightful recipients: the taxpayers of Nevada..http://bit.ly/b4W8we #TCOT
I said from the start that this is the right course of action instead of bringing them onto U.S. soil.
Obama Admin may completely reverse course & try 9/11 mastermind using military commissions, which need to take place at GITMO.
We need to honor them, not punish them.
but have been charged with essentially giving a fat lip to one of the most dangerous terrorists in Iraq.
Honoring Navy Seals. I introduced a bill today to honor the service of the 3 Seals who were defending this country in Iraq
Will be a lifeline for our economy, and the state of Nevada especially.
Just left the White House- saw the Pres. sign into law my legislation to revitalize tourism in America.
the light of day.
bipartisan bill. I will continue my crusade against this trillion-dollar bill and do everything in my power to ensure that it never sees the
to ram a massive government expansion bill down their throats when we should have started over to give Americans a truly
It's unfortunate that Pres. Obama has decided to go against the American people and encourage Congress to use a radical procedure
The president is putting on a phony show at the white house tomorrow.  Don't be fooled.
to stop this bill.  Here in the senate we're going to fight with everything we have to kill it.
Democrats are going to try to push health care through a procedure known as reconciliation. This is outrageous. The American people want us
for the President to bring us down any further.
Las Vegas is suffering through one of the highest unemployment rates in the country and we cannot afford
Obama slams Las Vegas again. I am calling on the President to apologize for his remark.
and reserved. He should have respected them as a co-equal branch of government and saved his criticism for a different time.
It’s fine for him to criticize the Supreme Court, but not during the SOTU address when the justices are supposed to remain quiet
the Supreme Court issue. Not only did he misstate the facts but he was also inappropriately rude to the justices.
Sitting on the a plane waiting to take off and thinking about last night's SOTU and the president. I think he totally mishandled
We need to stay all over this and make sure they know that they will pay heavily for pushing this bill next fall on Election Day.
Opposing the Dem bill resulted in a victory in Massachusetts for Scott Brown.
Most Americans, including folks across Nevada, are overwhelmingly against it.
Democrats don’t get it. Today Dems said that they’re going to do everything possible to pass their healthcare bill.
people they will continue to anger voters and lose elections.  That’s democracy in its purest form.
as I have been saying for months now it is not the reform Americans were hoping to see.  If Democrats continue to ignore the will of the
taxes has been roundly rejected by American voters.  This election is a referendum on the hugely unpopular healthcare reform bill and
Scott Brown’s win tonight in the blue state of Massachusetts sends a clear message that the Democrats’ agenda of big government and high
state lines. Get involved. We only have to change one vote in the Senate or two in the House to kill this bill and start over.
We discussed the cost issue, which is the biggest problem with health care. Wide agreement on tort reform and buying insurance across
Over the last two days I held three open town halls discussing the healthcare bill.
@suzy_rice @Ridgeliner7 @NRSC Thank you for including my in your #followfriday recommendations.
RT: @BattleBornPAC Bloomberg's reporting: House Health-Care Bill To Include $600 Billion In Tax Increases http://is.gd/109z8
@RepublicanRenew @theCLproject @BeltwayBaca Thank you for including me in your #followfriday suggestions. @WildHorsePower Thanks for the RT.
A.M.A. comes out against government-run health care plan. http://is.gd/YV6C
RT: @OrrinHatch Joining @ChuckGrassley @JohnEnsign @JohnCornyn and other Sens in voicing opp to a gov-run healthcare plan. http://is.gd/TaB4
Offered solutions to current problems like health care and education using conservative principles.
Just gave a speech in Iowa. Great response from audience. Young people really seemed to enjoy it.
Had the Bunny Tracks flavor here in Iowa. It's killer. Had a town hall meeting which went great. Lots of press including Fox News.
Now off to Le Mars Blue Bunny ice cream. Big decision. What flavor or flavors to choose?
It was great to get back to some of my roots as a veterinarian -- even had a calf suck on my finger.
Just toured an embryo transfer facility which helps make our milk and beef industries more productive.
http://twitpic.com/6ezz0 - Staff snapped this picture of me doing a radio interview at Trans Ova Genetics.
Just added myself to the http://wefollow.com twitter directory under:  #republican #senator #politics
Looking forward to meeting with members of the Las Vegas Asian Chamber of Commerce during their monthly luncheon today.
I just presented the flag to Charles. The pride in his eyes filled me with emotion. We are blessed to live in this land.
Jeff Durbin, a local veteran, heard his story and contacted my office to see if we would get a flag flown over the Capitol to replace it.
On Memorial Day Charles’ flag was vandalized.
Charles Husband was in a car accident and suffered brain damage several years ago. He loves flying the flag on holidays at his house.
Speaking with small business owners in Las Vegas about how to secure contracts with the federal government in 15 minutes.
Passed 4,500 followers today. Thank you for following and your support.
Our country is strong and free because of our American heroes.
Just left Southern NV Vets Memorial Cemetery. Very moving ceremony. Spoke to several Gold Star mothers.
#followfriday @RepublicanRenew - The Republican Renewal Project creates the infrastructure upon which successful campaigns are built.
He played great and his team won state by 3 shots. I was most proud how he would get it back together after a bad hole. Way to go Trev.
I watched my son Trevor play in the 3A state golf tourney this week. I was more nervous than he was.
@GovMikeHuckabee testifying at Rep. Policy Comm. hearing today about his efforts to improve his health after being diagnosed with diabetes.
New blog: Update on Gitmo http://is.gd/BUpT
Reached 4,300 followers last night -- @WVaRed was number 4,300. Thank you for following.
@pizano3 In case you missed them, here are my thoughts on the trip: http://is.gd/AfrP http://is.gd/AfrW http://is.gd/Afs7 http://is.gd/Afsg
@marcmaeder You're absolutely right. Our troops are doing an incredible job down there. Thank you for your service.
Joining a conference call in a few minutes to discuss the Gitmo trip today with members of the media.
It is unnerving to imagine housing these detainees on American soil.
It's our troops who get abused by the detainees: ie having feces thrown at them. But they remain professional under constant mental stress.
Our troops at Gitmo are doing an incredible job dealing with these detainees.
Just got back from spending the day visiting our troops and touring the facilities where we hold some of the most dangerous people on Earth.
New blog: About That DHS Report http://is.gd/AdxU
Just saw the premier of Night at the Museum 2. All the stars were there. It's better than the first one ... very creative, funny lines.
Heading to Gitmo tomorrow to tour the detainee facilities and receive a briefing on detainee policy.
I hope the Admin. continues to keep the safety of our troops as a top priority and considers the safety of Americans before closing Gitmo.
The President is right to change his mind on the release of the detainee photos; putting the safety of troops ahead of political posturing.
@stuart_oneill The DC Scholarship program is for children in grades K-12.
Just finished up blogger call about card check with National Review, NowHampshire, Townhall.com and others. #tcot #EFCAFail #EFCA #cardcheck
The NEA refused to show up to defend their opposition to the DC Scholarship program.
Ronald, the Deputy Youth Mayor of DC, said why not give poor kids a chance to succeed. Let's put our kids before special interests.
5 years ago we started giving low income kids money to go to private schools. We just heard from some of them asking us to keep the program.
... tribute to his memory and legacy. I encourage folks to go and take your kids.
The Reagan library is a must see. I believe Reagan was the greatest President of the 20th century and the library is a tremendous ...
Will get a tour of the Reagan library a little later.
Sitting at the Reagan library listening to the Dennis Miller radio show. My first time here. I first became a Republican because of Reagan.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there.
@1Cor16_13 @philreCareered @theCLproject @louisvillebobby @RepublicanRenew Thanks for nominating me for #followfriday
#followfriday @NellisAFB Nellis Air Force Base is doing some interesting stuff online: http://is.gd/wUh0
Too many of our Justices today have been citing international law as a reason to reinterpret our Constitution. I couldn't disagree more.
At the very least that person should hold our Constitution as the supreme law over any international law.
While sitting on a delayed plane, I started thinking about our next Supreme Court justice.
... and another who was shot twice has had 27 surgeries. Where do we get such brave men who are willing to fight for us? God bless them.
These brave men who fought a heroic battle in Afghanistan were awarded the Bronze star for bravery. One of them had his leg blown off ...
Pacquiao told me he is running for congress in the Philippines next year. I'd vote for him.
My kids and I had a great meeting with the greatest boxer in the world, Manny Pacquiao. He was humble and very nice.
