On my way to Finley hospital in Dubuque, Iowa to talk with nurses and local SEIU members. Then I'm off to a community meeting in Montice ...
Just arrived in New Hampshire. It's a beautiful rainy day here. Our first TV ads in NH are up. You can watch here: johnedwards.com/nh
Watch John Edwards in tonight's debate - 9pm on MSNBC. Text "Today" And your comments to 30644 and it will appear at blog.johnedwards.com
Just arrived in the small, rural town, pop. 229, of Columbus KY for a town hall with Columbus residents.
Latest poll shows I'm the only Dem candidate to beat every republican in a head-to-head match-up: http://tinyurl.com/23oyv4
John edwards is live on myspace - vote on his responses at myspace.com/election2008
During tonight's 9PM debate on MSNBC we'll feature YOUR questions & reactions live @ JohnEdwards.com/NH. Txt "today" & your comment to 30644
Just unveiled a new education policy to drastically reform our public school system. Read the full policy at: http://tinyurl.com/ywe7eq
After Bush makes yet another argument for the Iraq war tonight I will follow-up with a nationwide address at 9pm on MSNBC. Don't miss it!
Elizabeth is in New Hampshire Sat/Sun. Join our new NH Twitter for updates when Elizabeth and I are in town: twitter.com/nh4johnedwards
Elizabeth will be in Nashville Tennessee tomorrow afternoon to meet and talk with voters. RSVP here: http://tinyurl.com/22kl63
On my way to the 27th stop of our bus tour through Iowa. Can't believe we only have 1 day left. Elizabeth, the kids and I are having a b ...
Just finished an event in Grundy Center, IA. Got a lot of good questions about health care and Iraq. Back on our bus now en route Ames.
Just about to get off the bus in Clarion, Iowa for a community meeting. Day 2 of our 7 day bus tour through Iowa is going great!
The first 4 stops on my 7-day bus tour through Iowa were great today. Heading to Monona, IA now for a community meeting.
Just leaving the debate, glad I got the chance at the end to stress the importance of public financing campaigns. What did you think?
Feeling good about the debate so far - spoke out against NAFTA and taking money from corporate lobbyists. Watch the debate on MSNBC
Just leaving the forum.  Some great questions on media consolidation. On my way to the breakout session in RM s404 - hope to see you there.
Text "@ykos" to 25622 to show your support. Your text will show up on the screen behind me at the YearlyKos Presidential forum @ 1pm CST
At YearlyKos - be sure to stop by the John Edwards table & pick up your free DVD or watch John's address live - Sat @ 1pm CT on CNN.com
Tell Gonzales, the man who brought us Abu Ghraib, Guantanamo & illegal spying: It's time to go! Sign the petition: http://tinyurl.com/2u945k
In South Carolina getting ready to speak to a crowd of young leaders at the College Democrats for America convention.
Reply to this Twitter to submit your question for me to answer in the post-debate live webcast @ 9:15pm at johnedwards.com
In Youngstown, OH I spoke with a woman at a transitional home about how she rebuilt her life. Txt the word CALL to 30644 to listen to a  ...
Just met with 3 women who got back on their feet after being homeless with the help of the Beatitude House in Cleveland. Truly inspiring.
Met a class of terrific kids enrolled in a Head Start program at the Kingsley House in NOLA.
Day 1: I just arrived in New Orleans. It’s been raining all day but the rain has stopped in time for our tour through the Lower 9th Ward.
Day 1: I just arrived in New Orleans. It's been raining all day but the rain has stopped in time for our tour through the Lower 9th Ward.
During the Road to One America tour I will be sending exclusive audio clips from the road. Text TOUR to 30644 to receive these updates
The MoveOn climate crisis poll ends tonight at midnight. Don?t forget to cast your vote: http://tinyurl.com/26tkhg
The Live Earth concert will reach billions of people this Sat. Text "EARTH" to 30644 to sign the Live Earth Pledge and join the movement.
Happy 4th of July to all my Twitter friends!
We need your help to reach our goal of $9 million by midnight tonight:  http://tinyurl.com/2a8fgn
At Howard University for the All-American PBS forum, watch it live at pbs.org from 9pm-10:30pm.
Text “Call” to 30644 to listen to a message from Elizabeth and hear a clip from her conversation with Ann Coulter
Elizabeth just called into Hardball to challenge Ann Coulter: http://tinyurl.com/2r2tth
Elizabeth and I are on our way to tape the Tonight Show now.
Trying a new kind of Twitter. Did you know? If the min.wage was increased by $1 in 2001, 900,000 people would not be living in poverty.
Tonight we launched our first-ever SMS fundraiser, text "call" to 30644 to hear a voice message from me and contribute to the campaign.
I've committed to visiting the town with the most demands on eventful.com, demand a visit in your town at: http://tinyurl.com/24dyxm
ïJust launched the "Summer of Action" Campaign for Young America.  Take a moment to view the video our hard-working interns produced: h
ï4m9cy
Just left a packed Scholz beer garten in Austin for an afternoon Small Change for Big Change fundraiser. Next SCBC event is Chicago!
On my way home to Chapel Hill to celebrate my birthday with friends and family, RSVP: http://tinyurl.com/28p9t9
Arriving at the Exeter, NH community meeting. Looking forward to talking with residents about the issues they care about.
Enjoying my second "Small Change for Big Change" event in Boston. Sign up for the next event in your area: http://tinyurl.com/2uhu3m
Tonight felt great. Was very happy to have such focus on Iraq and Darfur. Let me know what you thought.
One hour down, one hour to go. Looking forward to hearing from NH voters.
Getting ready for the first New Hampshire debate, don’t forget to tune in at 7pm on WMUR or CNN
Looking forward to our first "Small Change for Big Change" event at San Jose State University tonight at 5pm.
Thrilled to be in Iowa with Elizabeth and the kids…working with Iowans to support our troops and bring them home.
Preparing for 1pm policy speech today on the need for a strong military in the new century: http://tinyurl.com/2y2fgu (staff)
JE is in NJ to tour a stem cell research site with NJ Sen. Prez Codey, who said: JE is the best chance Democrats have to win the WH  (staff)
Anxiously awaiting our shipment of thousands of "Support the Troops. End the War" bumper stickers and T-shirts (staff)
Spoke at a MoveOn rally in Portland last night. Heading to Arizona now.
Just had a great event in Seattle. Driving to another town hall now.
Had a great event at the CA Democratic convention this morning.
Leaving event, spoke about ending the crisis in Darfur.
Just landed in Ft Meyers, FL. On our way to a "Step It Up 2007" environmental event.
Wasn't Elizabeth great on Larry King last night?
(from staff):  Sen. Edwards is in Chapel Hill with his family.
(from staff):  Sen. Edwards and his family are in New Hampshire today.
(from staff):  1st quarter fundraising deadline is tomorrow...Sen. Edwards will be in KY, IN, OH, and FL today for the final push.
(from staff): Sen. Edwards was in DC this morning for a meeting with the AFL-CIO.  Currently in NYC.
(from staff):  Sen. Edwards is in San Francisco today and traveling to DC tonight.
(from staff):  Sen. and Mrs. Edwards are in CA today.  They will be on 60 Minutes tonight at 7pm ET.
(from staff):  Sen. and Mrs. Edwards are flying from NYC to Los Angeles.    Thanks again for all the direct messages of support!
(from staff):  Thank you all for the twitters and direct messages of support for Mrs. Edwards and Sen. Edwards.
Great event at Benedict College, Columbia SC today. Lots of energy. Headed to Iowa tonight.
Enjoying the weekend with family.
Three cities today and back home in Chapel Hill tonight.
In NH today.
Washington DC today.  About to make remarks at the Int'l Assoc. of Firefighters.  Then remarks at the Boilermakers conference.
@scobleizer:  will fund alternative energy production that will offset the carbon generated from campaign travel.
committing our campaign to become carbon neutral.
Great to see my family.  In NC today. Call with student reporters.  Interview w Wolf Blitzer.  College Tour Rally at Bennett in Greensboro.
Community meeting on healthcare in Newton, IA.  Then 1hr1/2 drive to Burlington for a similar meeting.  Later tonight, back in NC.
Left Houston this morning.  Holding a community meeting on healthcare in Council Bluffs, Iowa today.   Des Moines tonight.
Interviews, airplanes, and just arrived Houston.
In san antonio.
Just left Seattle and flying to San Antonio.  Rally this evening and then Austin later tonight.
In Seattle. In about an hour, I will participate in a recorded interview with Chris Matthews, which will air on tonight's Hardball (5/7pmET)
In Los Angeles today.  Just finished the Ed Schultz show.  Will be at UCLA later today for a College Tour Rally.  Then onto Seattle tonight!
Follow johnedwards
I am in San Francisco today, but will head to Berkeley later this afternoon for a College Tour Rally.
Changing this country.
