Speaking to the Idaho Cattlemen's Association later today.
Addressing Western Gov.'s Assoc meeting today and flying up to CDA to speak before the TESH fundraiser tomorrow. Busy times.
I'm getting ready to begin my campaign and I'm excited. Here's my first announcement about it: http://tiny.cc/CzBdR
Just back from Corrections.  Staff review of accomplishments was impressive and all Idaho is indebted to their hard work and dedication.
Just finished attending the launch of Red Built, a great Boise and Idahoan story with great leaders joining together in the paper industry.
Really impressed with improvements Dept of Corrections has made these few years.  Speaking to staff there on Friday; great story and job.
Making last minute changes to my speech for the Boise Rotary luncheon
Recorded Viewpoint yesterday for Sunday broadcast.  Happy to discuss upcoming pair of regional conferences here in Boise this coming week.
Busy morning already.  Visiting with Gov's staff and have a few conference calls this morning and already had a bunch of great phone calls.
Good to see Mike Rush this morning and now off to visit with Bill Connors, new president of the Boise Chamber over at Thomas Hammer.
Before I forget, great groundbreaking yesterday at 10 Mile.  I spoke with local folks who are looking forward to congestion alleviation.
Good to speak with Mel Richardson on his radio program this morning.  Happy to be going to Pocatello and Idaho Falls today.  BBQ tomorrow!
5 hours with Dept of Corrections.  Impressed with 3 new facilities and staff.  Despite 13% budget reduction they are delivering vg results.
Long weekend; great time.  Back in the office now and a full day in front of me.  Thanks to everyone involved with the Governors Cup.
Working on transportation taskforce.  Guv to announce Tuesday.
Finally back in the office and now have to go pack and get ready to head to Sun Valley.  I see a lot of people are doing the same right now
Good meeting earlier to discuss the framework for the Transportation Funding Taskforce.  Off to Canyon County Roundup now at St. Chappelle
I got to have lunch with my son Adam today in Boise, really enjoyed that.  Good weather.  Just finished seeing Alex and Jayson from IACI.
I just finished a video conference call with the Idaho Education Network.  It was fun and I am amazed at the HD quality.  21st century tech.
Busy day.  Pleasure visiting with the Pro Tem in my office late this afternoon.
Back in the office and preparing for a Project 60 meeting in a few minutes with Gov's chief of staff and Dept of Commerce's Don Dietrich.
Boys State was excellent.  Very impressed by the youth, their preparation, questions.  Next generation of leaders inspired real confidence.
Getting ready to make my way to Nampa and Caldwell.  Speech before Boys State and then one to Caldwell Chamber of Commerce.
In the office working on a few appointments
I'm struggling with my new BlackBerry Storm.
Moodys: "Idaho's business-friendly climate, including low business costs, and state government's prudent handling of revenues" mean recovery
Dedicated Emmett Wastewater plant this PM with Sen Crapo. Emmett now has the capacity to attract new jobs rather than travel to the othe ...
Off to a ground-breaking ceremony in Nampa for Serrento.
Innovators have a meeting tomorrow(Boise Double Tree Riverside). Bill Wilmot in the 3:30slot will be provocative. Advice on how we can p ...
Looking forward to the Sorrento ground-breaking in Nampa tomorrow.  This is a huge and welcome investment in Nampa, the TV and Idaho.
Comment regarding Portland Metro:  very nice but not sure it is cost effective if it costs $20 million per mile.
Busy day in Portland.  Gave testimony to Feds on Idaho's position on how we move further protecting our native species fish, important to me
Looking forward to be giving a Memorial Day speech in Emmett this afternoon, where I will dedicate a memorial to the Hosodo brothers.
Telling a few folks how impressed I was with the Synoptek people yesterday and their products; a great company to have here in Idaho.
Yesterday I welcomed Synoptek to their new Boise offices.  We hope they encourage more of their high-tech friends to come here from CA.
Back from Pendleton; spoke before bunch of county commish folks from CA, MT and a few other places.  Interesting forestry facts I picked up.
Preparing my speech tomorrow, going to Pendleton, Oregon to visit with the National Assoc of Counties Western Interstate Region Conference
Signing up for Twitter.  My first time doing it.  I hope I enjoy keeping people updated and I hope people enjoy reading my updates.
