Polls in #Ad4 close in just over one hour.  Don't forget to vote!
Looking forward to welcoming my two newest colleagues, Senators Runner and Lieu.  Now let's get busy fixing this budget mess.
Congrats to my newest Senate colleague, Sen-elect Sharon Runner!
Please keep the family of Sam LaCara and the entire Schnell School community in your prayers today.
Heading to the Placer Co courthouse today for Jury Duty.  eager to do my civic duty.
Going to the annual El Dorado Rod and Gun club dinner tonight in Placerville - always one of my favorite events of the year
Exciting day ahead: I'm getting sworn in as a Senator today, and the #SFGiants World Series trophy will be at the capitol.  Go Giants!
Just received a very nice message from Ken Cooley.  I'm honored to serve the 1st District in the Senate & looking forward to getting to work
Early #SD1 update from the 7 Counties that have reported thus far...  Gaines 63,025... Cooley 37,179.   These are mostly mail ballots.
I'm heading to the Hampton Inn in Roseville right off I-80 for my election night party.  Polls close at 8 pm.  Don't forget to vote!
Its Election Day in Senate District 1.  Please don't forget to vote!  Polls are open now until 8 pm.
Happy New Years everyone!
Just finished a big day touring in Amador and Calaveras Co.  Now headed to Placerville for the Chamber dinner
Its moving day here at the Capitol.  I just rec'd my office assignment - Room 5126, the smallest office.  Happy to be in the "doghouse!"
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
"Operation Gobble" tomorrow @ my Roseville office where I'll be helping to distribute Thanksgiving turkeys to local non-profits
RT @CapitolAlert: AM Alert: Bring out the bingo cages http://bit.ly/deWSFX
RT @EatThisNotThat: Short on kitchen time? Chop everything at once, clean as you go, multitask, & cook basics in bulk. 4 cooking shortcu ...
Full house here at the Roseville Veterans Hall for my pancake breakfast.  Over 750 pancakes served already!  Thank you Veterans!
Getting ready for my annual Veterans Day pancake breakfast at the Roseville Veterans Hall.  Last year we served over 300 Veterans!
Had a very good conversation with @RogerNiello this AM.  I'm looking forward to working with him and thank him for his kind words & support
Wow, what a game, what a team!
Busy Halloween night at the Gaines home - trick or treating and the Giants in the world series!
Honored to receive the endorsement of the Mountain Democrat newspaper, the most popular local paper in El Dorado County
About to speak to the Loomis Tea Party Patriots then back to the Campaign office.  Meanwhile... Go Giants!!
Busy Fall morning here in Sacramento - lots of volunteers making phone calls and walking neighborhoods for my campaign
I just sent a letter to the Governor on behalf of the City of Roseville asking him for assistance in the aftermath of the Galleria fire
Completely unbelievable scene at the Roseville Galleria, where several of my kids work.  Hopefully firefighters can get this fire out ASAP!
Just finished speaking along with @tommcclintock at the El Dorado Hills Tea Party meeting - great to see such a big crowd
Finishing up a long day in the high sierras:  Placer, Plumas, Nevada and Sierra Counties today.  What a beautiful (and BIG) district!
The LA Times article about welfare $$ being spent in Hawaii, Vegas, and on cruise ships proves that we need welfare reform in CA now!
Congrats to the #sfgiants for winning today and heading to the playoffs!
@whitman2010 did a great job tonight in the #cagov debate.  We need Meg to cut spending, lower taxes, and change things at the Capitol!
Busy weekend - almost 600 miles of campaigning, topped off by receiving the California Republican Assembly endorsement!
Busy 2 days - trip to Modoc Co. and back to Roseville with Beth to celebrate her birthday with family.  6 more events to attend this weekend
Thank you to all the men and women of the armed forces fighting for our safety and freedom.  We'll never forget. God bless America!
Great turnout at my Senate campaign HQ grand opening.  Next we're all off to the precincts next on this blustry August day!
RT @tommcclintock: Endorsing Ted Gaines for CA Senate. The true conservative who voters can trust to never raise their taxes. http://bit ...
I'm honored today to announce that my friend and fellow conservative @repmcclintock endorsed my campaign for state senate!
RT @CapitolAlert: Gaines gains McClintock's endorsement http://bit.ly/azzsfD
At #cagop convention listening to some lively debate in Initiatives Committee  about Prop 22.  Later I'm headed back to the campaign trail
I'll be live on KFBK today at 5:40 to talk about my campaign for state senate and my recent endorsement from Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Assoc.
I'm honored to have the endorsement of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association for my Senate campaign!
Getting ready w/ my staff - my 4th annual community leaders pancake breakfast starts soon.  Big thanks to the Rsvl Hampton Inn 4 hosting us!
Just officially announced my State Senate Campaign. Check out the new campaign website www.tedgaines.com
This water bond is too expensive & full of pork.  We should start from scratch and pass a new water measure that protects taxpayers first.
Dems just released their #cabudget proposal including $4 billion in tax increases.  Its deja vu from 2009.  People are already taxed enough!
If you're in Cameron Park this AM pls stop by my next community coffee at Cafe Santoro.  This is my 76th comm coffee or town hall since 2006
Good news...The Governor just signed my bill, AB 2704, which protects vital snow removal funding for South Lake Tahoe, Mammoth and Truckee.
Busy El Dorado Co. day: Tahoe Chamber this AM, then the regional Fire Chiefs gathering in Meyers, and a town hall mtg tonite in Placerville.
Big turnout at my Angora Fire Forum in Tahoe.  3 yrs later, there is still much work to do - we need to focus on proper forest management
My thoughts and prayers are with Senator Cox's family.  He was a great leader and mentor.  He'll be missed.
RT @FlashReport: *FR Exclusive* Assemblyman Ted Gaines:  IT'S TIME FOR THE DEMOCRATS TO STEP UP TO THE PLATE ON THE BUDGET: http://bit.l ...
Happy Independence Day everyone!  Please remember & honor those who fought for our freedoms
Another July 1 comes without a state budget.  Very frustrating.  If I ran my Insurance Agency like this, I woulda been out of biz YEARS ago!
Just left a great event  at a great local business Roseville Yamaha. Everyone was fired up for our next governor @Whitman2010 - CA needs Meg
You're invited to my next community coffee meeting, this coming Tuesday at  9 am at Bloom Coffee in Roseville.
Headed to a jobs/ economic recovery town hall meeting in Truckee on this rainy(!) late June morning.
Congrats to team USA for winning their group in the World Cup - in dramatic fashion no less!
Spending Fathers Day with four of my daughters at the NASCAR race in Sonoma.  Happy fathers day to all the Dads out there
My friend @georgerunner is 100% right: RT:  I supported Poizner, but all Republicans must rally around @Whitman2010 candidacy.
I'm honored to win the GOP nomination for Assembly.  Now its back to work, starting w/ a Community Coffee today in Rocklin at 9 am at Woodys
Congrats to Meg Whitman, Carly Fiorina and the entire GOP ticket.  On to victory in November!
Lincoln residents: pls stop by my next Community Coffee, tomorrow AM at Kim's Country Kitchen from 9 to 10:30.  Hope to see you there!
Speaking in Gold River at a big phone bank for Carly Fiorina - lots of excited volunteers here
Good luck wishes go out today to Anvita Mishra, a constituent from Lincoln competing in the semis of the Nat'l Spelling Bee.
Thoughts and prayers go out tonight to John Wooden.
Starting off the week with another community coffee at Wild Chicken Cafe in Loomis.  I'll be there to chat & answer questions at 9 today
Another busy nite!  @RosevilleChambr put on a great Roseville 2010 event and Thunder Valley gave Beth & I a tour of their fantastic addition
Looking forward to tomorrow's Roseville 2010 event at HP - and congrats to @RosevilleChambr for 25 great years.
Attending the tea party in the hills meeting tonite at Ponderosa High in Shingle Springs.  huge turnout!
South Placer residents:  pls join me and supervisor Rocky Rockholm for a town hall on jobs + economy tomorrow at 8 AM @ Sun City Roseville.
A
Headed north tonite on a scout trip with my son.  Busy week ahead starting w/ my community coffee in Cameron Park Monday AM at Cafe Santoro.
My bill - AB 2704 - to protect snow removal funding in Lake Tahoe & Truckee just passed out of Assembly committee with bipartisan support.
At the #teaparty rally on the Capitol steps.  Wow - so many fine people here.  Inspiring to see everyone standing up for their principles
on this april 15, i'm proud to be joining thousands of fellow tea party friends in protesting over-taxation at the capitol today
Sad day in CA as the last Toyota rolled off the line at NUMMI today.  We need to cut taxes, regulations & improve the business climate now!
Having a community coffee tmrw AM in Auburn at 9 at Tsudas.  Im sure the unfortunate health care vote will be discussed. hope to see u there
Big turnout tonite at my town hall meeting in Roseville.  People in my district are fired up and want major reforms in state government
Plus, I don’t take foreign or out-of-state junkets.  I am glad though to get another chance to promote the Tahoe Olympic efforts for 2022!
Misinformed letter to editor in @AuburnJournal accused me of using taxpayer $ to attend Olympics w/ my kids.  Not true - we paid our own way
Busy AM at GOP convention.  Just had good mtgs with my old friend Bill Simon & Steve Poizner and breakfast with @rexroad and Martin Garrick
Speaking to the 58 GOP county chair persons on behalf of #cagov candidate Steve Poizner and why I think he'll be a great governor.
Amazing turnout - over 500 people at the @NorCalTeaParty meeting last night in Placerville.  I had a great time - keep it up folks!
http://tweetphoto.com/13127643 Very good turnout for a rainy rainy morning at my latest Community Coffee at Bloom (cont) http://tl.gd/dd2c1
Went w/ Beth to the Sac. Co. GOP Lincoln-Reagan Day crab feed tonite.  Amazing turnout, full house, great event - fun to see lots of friends
In Assembly Rules Committee, Asm Dave Jones is asking for a subpoena of Anthem Blue Cross.  This would be a rare move for the legislature
What an exciting hockey game tonight between us and Canada.  Another reason to love the olympics.  Go USA!
Just got home after fun weekend in Vancouver w/ my daughters. Busy week ahead starting early tmrw when I file for last assembly re-election
I was lucky enough to buy tickets for all of us for the Finals of the men's moguls up here at cypress mtn by Whistler.  These guys are good!
Congrats to Tahoe City constituent Hannah Kearny for taking the Gold in moguls!  I'm Excited for my day ahead in Vancouver w/ my daughters
Just landed with my 4 older daughters in Seattle... Next stop:  Vancouver!  We're going to try to catch some speed skating this afternoon
Enjoying the El Dorado Co. GOP annual Lincoln Day dinner.  Im taking my kids to Vancouver for the Olympics tomorrow & I haven't even packed!
Busy day at the capitol, followed by El Dorado GOP dinner 2night.  Tomorrow AM i'm headed to Vancouver to catch the Olympics w/ my daughters
Honoring the state finalist Rocklin Thunder football team at the capitol http://tweetphoto.com/10486088
This morning on the Assembly Floor,  I'm going to honor the Rocklin High Football team, who went to the State Title game in December!
In Assembly Rules Committee now - debate going on regarding if the Assembly should only buy American manufactured cars
El Dorado Residents - Join me for a community coffee this AM @ Caffe Santoro off Cambridge in Cameron Park.  I'll be there from 9-10:30 am
RT @CapitolAlert: Ted Gaines introduced bill to rescind last year's tax cuts http://bit.ly/bywBJT
