@gachatz. Try meritage. It's pretty awesome
Has anyone seen walker and Charlie sheen in the same room at the same time? #holybatshitcrazy
Some one compared state workers to professional athletes. "they're all money money money." I'm (cont) http://tl.gd/8segpf
Our website is up and running. Another great design by Andrew. We are going to have some fun
We over ate then the movies with the schmidts. Then gym. This is not a f***king resolution
Good to be back home at the weary. If only for a night
I got a new knife for Christmas.
Dear crazy little balding Illinois motorist, I won't lose sleep over killing you and your entire nuclear and extended family. Just sayin
Hey Russian cabbie stop being creepy
Getting too old for this shit Riggs
Dear lady at victorias secret. I saw you stuff those underwears in yo purse.
I'm getting hitched in a few days holy shit!
Had a dream I took the old mans ferrari out ala ferris buellers day off. Awesomeness. Ps Jonanne looked great in sloans cheerleading outfit
@Alinea I can cross off eating at a michelin three star on my bucket list. Congrats
Cool out.  Just cool out
Why is it everytime Kim kardasian opens her mouth I feel dumber
Traffic plus stickshift equals sore knees
I've noticed top ten of anything home made videos on YouTube normally are posted by someone names oozing (cont) http://tl.gd/6uhopc
I was in the paper. Again. Still not for going crazy and screaming "Jedi " in my undies on the freeway. Surprise surprise.
I watched kanye wests thirty three minute long video. He's either a genius or just really fucking insane with (cont) http://tl.gd/6tmqqt
Shoulders back lemon. You're not inviting people to castle frankenstien
@drudgeons funny how Jesus was a socialist hippy. And who remained a political
" fine but I already shaved the panda"
Favorite line from sopranos "how's boca?" "great. I don't go down enough" " that's not what I heard. "
Holy balls. SAMs club is trouble
Woke up feeling like a retired crash test dummy. And not from the band.
End of long day. Now into the loving embrace of the heated mattress
I love Andy Griffith as much as the next man but why can't i find anything but matlock to watch in the morning.
Can't sleep. Can't stop eating prematurely purchased Halloween candy
Shaving. Always a bad idea
She used coca puffs instead of a ring
Jonanne just proposed to me
New house and car. Wierd
Moving almost done.
Let the moving madness begin
Was just mobbed by Asian girls for my photo and autograph
My spine feels Like it got hit by a truck
First day off in a month and I can't sleep cause I don't feel productive. Are you kidding me?
Foot rape=no sleep. Thanks Ida
At the avenue with the lady
Off to get these golden locks trimmed
Graze round 2
About to go on for interview
Noodles with the lady and ...........IPHONE 4
off to check in on the future. eat your heart out mcfly
Lazy morning. Maybe some ramen. Maybe a shower. Lady's off to the nine to five. I'm five to one
Third trout with oyster mushrooms and snap peas and brown butter. Fourth watermelon and balsamic reduction
First aspargus poached egg and a simple vin. Second roast beet salad with chevre and beet greens and wilted beet greens.
Oyster mushrooms beets greens snow peas. Farmers market. Hot dogs. Afternoon cocktails with the lady then dinner.
England blowing it. Great for the US.
And they want to write about us in the state journal
We got our first write up today
Menu is finished and planning is underway
We just got our first res
Still a wallflowers
Greg is scheduled for radiation treatment today. F***ing awesome
@aschmidt608 Evanston is a creepy place
Off to Evanston
Cortisone shots never feel good
Yo tengo hombre
Morning pushups and off to a double
Cheating is something English clubs don't do as well
Greg is getting excited for Chicago tomorow?
Gregs in minn. Here to see someone about a quarteback
Greg is recovering from move
Greg is brunching
