We need to protect our public lands and infrastructure from sea level rise. Smart planning will save us money. http://tinyurl.com/5wufh3z
Why does the FAFSA have to be so complicated? The Feds and State should collaborate to provide easier software to apply for financial aid!
I'm troubled by UC tuition costs squeezing out middle class families (income $100,000 - $120,000). Need to work on solutions!
CA is moving ahead to join China, India, Ireland and Bangladesh in banning single-use plastic bags for a clean environment.
Participants included CA EPA's Terry Tamminen, Sen. Fran Pavley, Barry Broad of UFCW, officials from San Jose, LA, Long Beach, San Francisco
Great turnout at today's news conference with Gov. Schwarzenegger thanking cities and counties for their leadership on plastic bag bans!
As more communities like Los Angeles County adopt single-use bag bans, CA will be ready for a statewide uniform policy.
L.A. County just banned single-use bags based on my bill AB 1998! A win for the environment and economy!
On my way to discuss tying teacher evaluations to student achievement in a fair, meaningful way to benefit students.http://bit.ly/cafNz3
The governor signed my bill, AB 2229! It will save lives by streamlining public agencies' responses to reports of child abuse.
The Governor signed my bill allowing California community colleges to charge non-resident students fees to cover their education costs.
Plastic bags travel 60 miles or more from inland sewers and streams to the ocean where they kill marine life. Please ban these bags!
Thanks to the 14,131 volunteers on Coastal Cleanup Day Saturday, 50 tons of garbage were hauled away. 45 divers came back with plastic bags.
I am urging cities and counties in California to adopt laws banning single-use bags modeled after my bill, AB 1998: http://bit.ly/axd7lx
Boeing is worse than BP in the Gulf -- refusing to do its share in cleaning up a toxic site that is risking the health of residents.
Letter to Boeing was signed by U.S. Rep. Brad Sherman, Ventura County Supervisor Linda Parks, L.A. Councilman Greig Smith and me.
Just delivered a letter to Boeing at the Santa Susana Field Lab gate urging compliance with the cleanup of radioactive waste.
Boeing is the only responsible party refusing to help clean up chemical and radioactive contamination from the meltdown 50 years ago!
Join me at 3 p.m. today at Santa Susana Field Lab to tell Boeing to stop fighting cleanup of contamination from partial nuclear meltdown.
See me at the UCLA Film Festival Sunday screening videos, psa's on the environmental wreckage of plastic bags. 4 p.m. James Bridges Theater
Here's a video urging a ban on plastic bags from U.C. Santa Barbara grad students: http://bit.ly/cD6UbQ
Heal the Bay's mockumentary on my single-use bag ban bill is now up to 53,000 hits on You Tube! http://bit.ly/afTEGg
The Senate just passed my bill, AB 2297, to let community colleges set fees to cover costs of educating non-resident and foreign students.
A mockumentary by Heal the Bay promoting my single-use bag ban bill has elicited 50,000 hits on You Tube! http://bit.ly/afTEGg
Proud to have carried AJR 70 in 2008 to help restore L.A. River. http://bit.ly/cKRn5N Also see L.A. Times story http://bit.ly/aKXjd9
Celebrating success with two bills: AB 139 Offsite Board Meetings and AB 1374 Adult Education Credential. http://bit.ly/ahOVUI has details.
My Single-Use Bag Ban bill faces crucial votes next month. Urge lawmakers to support it. http://bit.ly/ahOVUI for video and status.
If the governor signs AB 487, schools can sell surplus materials instead of donating, recycling or dumping them. Millions in savings!
AB 487 lets school districts and county offices of education sell surplus and obsolete materials. Proceeds can be used for new materials.
I'm celebrating the passage of my bill, AB 487, to help California's cash-strapped schools recoup money they spend on books and materials.
Now we just need Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to sign this bill.
AB 239 passed on a unanimous 61-0 vote. Access to highly-qualified teachers boosts student achievement, so this is an important step.
My bill, AB 239, simplifies the credential process for teachers and counselors who attain rigorous national board certification.
CA faces a serious shortage of counselors and specialized teachers in math, science and special education.
The Assembly just passed my bill streamlining the credentialing process for exceptional teachers and counselors in CA!
A vibrant economy requires workers with the skills they need to do their jobs well. That's why quality schools are essential.
It is imperative we invest wisely in education, make sure all students have the resources they need to learn -- not just for a few students.
AB 8 will start streamlining school funding, making it easy to see where Californians' resources are going and what the outcomes are.
This is shameful! We can't educate our students to compete in the world without adequate funding for schools.
A parent said she had to teach art at her children's school because they have no money to hire an art teacher.
One of the students said she was a gifted student but her school had no money for a GATE program for her.
Parents said they are tired of raising funds to pay for basic school supplies like paper and art materials.
There were lots of parents and children at the event. They all want quality education and transparency in funding.
I spoke at Burning Moms' childrens' rally at the State Capitol a few minutes ago. I urged support for my bill, AB 8.
Just one PVC bottle can ruin an entire batch of plastic during recycling. What a waste! There are lots of alternatives to PVC.
Plastic containing PVC looks identical to recyclable, non-toxic PET bottles.
Scarcely any of the 60,000 tons of PVC generated annually in CA is recycled because of high costs and few markets for it.
A bill I have to reduce PVC in plastic packaging in CA won passage in the CA Assembly tonight.
AB 314 helps schools with buying textbooks and requires publishers to offer electronic versions cheaper than print.
The CA Assembly tonight passed my bill to give school districts greater options and flexibility in buying textbooks.
AB 627 also requires at least one vegetable be served at lunch and supper. We need to fight the country's alarming rate of child obesity.
Currently there are no nutritional standards in licensed child care settings. My bill limits sugary cereals and french fries.
Moments ago, the CA Assembly passed my bill, AB 627, to strengthen child nutrition standards in CA's licensed child care facilities.
I'm celebrating my victories of the day. Check out my alter ego BrownleyFlak.
