My colleagues and I on the Board of Supervisors has designated April 2010 as Child Abuse Prevention Month.
Thank our County Firefighters, Local 1230, for their heroic efforts in saving a life on Monday's car accident in Walnut Creek!
As a teacher and mother of a teacher, I am honored to have received the support of the California Teachers Association
Great game last night, I was cheering for Butler, but congrats to Duke for winning! onto the Stanford women for the championship!
As a teacher now running for State Assembly, I've received an endorsement from the California Federation of Teachers, it's come full circle.
Today is National Census Day! Be sure to fill out your forms and be counted so we can get our fair share of federal and state funding!
A teacher can change the life of a student, take a moment to honor the life of Jaime Escalante as we work together to restore our schools.
Getting everything lined up for a great Saturday in April  Facebook event is all squared away http://ow.ly/1r6rA  check it out!
RT @CLAYCORD: TOWN HALL MEETING IN CC COUNTY:  Contra Costa Supervisor Susan Bonilla is holding a town hall meeting to. http://bit.ly/aOIUL8
I am proud to be endorsed by the Professional Engineers in California Government
am honored in being endorsed by Assemblywoman Nancy Skinner for my campaign for state assembly
Looking forward to the Cesar Chavez Celebration at the Board of Supervisors chambers today
Congrats to the Contra Costa Womens Commission for organizing a wonderful Womens Hall of Fame dinner, it's inspiring.
More than 23,000 CA teachers, including my daughter, received preliminary layoff notices yesterday. We need to work to change CA education
Hoping to see some of you at my next event on Thursday 3/11 at Garaventa Enterprises, for more info go to http://ow.ly/1gQo1
Happy International Womens Day! Celebrate our mothers, sisters, daughters and all women for their contributions and accomplishments.
Another great endorsement, thanks to the State Coalition of Probation Organizations
I was happy to receive the Probation Peace Officers of Contra Costa County endorsement today! Thanks for the support!
Had the pleasure of introducing Karen Mitchoff tonight at a event in support of her candidacy for District IV County Supervisor
A great cause to support  K to College impacting children's lives. http://ow.ly/1aeLN
Launching my page on facebook check it out here:  http://ow.ly/19HSN
I am honored by the big show of support at last night. Thank you very much, your actions show the power of an organized community!
Follow Friday: @CoCoHealth, @ContraCostaFire for the nation @whitehouse
Looking forward to Saturday's Calamari and Pasta Feed. Find more information at  http://ow.ly/18RKh
Had a great time meeting with UFCW Local 5 members last night,  fired up and ready to go for the June 8th primary election.
Congrats to Shaun White, Lindsay Vonn, and Shani Davis for winning gold yesterday. To All U.S. Olympians, you make us proud.
Have plans this Saturday night? Come out for a Calamari Feed 6—8pm, @ the Elks Lodge in Pittsburg check www.susanbonilla.com for details.
Happy President's Day to you http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/
Care about education? Attend a town hall I'm hosting with Delaine Eastin and Tom Torlakson Oct. 26th at 4pm. IBEW 1875 Arnold Dr., Martinez
Just reached the $100,000 mark in money raised.  I really appreciate all your support.  It's tremendous.
